GOLDENISLES.COM

VISITOR GUIDE

goldenisles.com

DoubleTree by
Hilton Brunswick
and AGIO Italian
& Steak
G

uests are invited to experience the newest hotel in
the Golden Isles—DoubleTree
by Hilton Brunswick. Offering
modern luxury, spacious rooms,
and warm, attentive service, the
hotel is the perfect choice for
business and leisure travelers
alike. Guests enjoy abundant
meeting and event spaces, which
are perfect for gatherings of any
size. The property is conveniently
located just off I-95 in Brunswick
and less than two miles from
Brunswick Golden Isles Airport
(BQK), providing easy access to
the beaches and charm of St.
Simons Island, the elegance of
Sea Island, the natural beauty
of Jekyll Island, and the historic
streets of Downtown Brunswick.
Heading either north or south
on I-95, travel is effortless. And
from the moment travelers are
welcomed with DoubleTree’s signature warm cookie, their stay is
defined by comfort, convenience,
and Southern hospitality.

Adding to the property’s
outstanding level of convenience is
the on-site restaurant AGIO Italian
& Steak, serving Brunswick daily
from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. and offering
breakfast, lunch, dinner, late-night
dining, and a full bar. Guests are
welcomed into a comfortable and
relaxing atmosphere to begin
their day with delicious breakfast
favorites or a full weekend brunch
on Saturday and Sunday from 10
a.m. to 3 p.m. AGIO invites diners to
savor the comfort of Italian flavors
during both lunch and dinner with
flame-grilled steaks and traditional
pastas, all prepared and served
with Southern hospitality. When
it’s time to unwind for the evening,
the restaurant provides the perfect
setting, complete with late-night
bites and a full bar featuring craft
cocktails, beer, and wine—making
it ideal for locals and visitors
alike. hilton.com/en/hotels/
bqkridt-doubletree-brunswick •
912.264.3300; agioitalian.com •
912.593.3375

WELCOME
T

he Golden Isles of Georgia—four pristine barrier islands and a charming port city—have long cast their
spell on artists, writers, and wanderers, drawn by unspoiled beaches, golden marshes, and canopies
of moss-draped live oaks. This coastal haven has earned its place among Travel + Leisure’s World’s Best
Islands in the continental U.S. for 11 straight years, claiming the top spot in 2020, 2023, and 2024. Its
enduring appeal lies in a blend of natural beauty, storied history, fresh-from-the-sea cuisine, and endless
opportunities for adventure. Whether you’re gliding through tidal creeks, biking scenic byways, or teeing off
on world-class greens, every moment here feels timeless. With stays ranging from cozy B&Bs to luxurious
five-star resorts, it’s easy to make yourself at home. As the sun hits the golden shore and salt lingers in the
air, you’ll understand why so many return—drawn once again by the magic of the Golden Isles.

Connect
Stay in touch with the
Golden Isles before, during,
and after your trip. Sign
up for our newsletter
and receive exciting announcements and special
offers. Wish you were
wiggling your toes in the
sand? Switch on our live
webcams. And when you
capture that jaw-dropping
Golden Isles sunset, be
sure to share photos
with #goldenisles for the
chance to be featured.

FOLLOW US ON

About the Golden Isles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
St. Simons Island . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
Sea Island . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Little St. Simons Island . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Jekyll Island . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

GeÊ
@goldenisles

Scan to view
live webcams

Brunswick . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
The Great Outdoors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
History . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Cultural & Historic Sites . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Activities & Attractions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Events Calendar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Pet-friendly Spots . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
Golf . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
Dining Delights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Weddings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74
Accommodations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
Resources . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100
Churches . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 102

ON THE COVER
Stand-up paddleboarding
at Driftwood Beach, on
Jekyll Island

Plan Your Visit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 104
The Golden Isles Convention &
Visitors Bureau has made every
effort to ensure the accuracy of
information presented in the guide
but assumes no responsibility
for errors, changes, or omissions.
Copyright 2026 GICVB. Printed in
USA. All rights reserved.

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 1

WHERE EVERY
HOUR IS GOLDEN
Your dream getaway begins in the Golden Isles—where pristine beaches beckon,
history comes alive, local flavors delight, and every day brings a new adventure.
Whether you’re exploring storied landmarks, savoring coastal cuisine, or
simply soaking in the natural beauty, this is a place where once-in-a-lifetime
moments happen every day.

Discover the World’s Best-Kept Secret
Travel + Leisure has named the Golden Isles to the list of World’s Best U.S. Islands for 11
consecutive years, taking the top honor three times in 2020, 2023, and 2024.
© 2025. Travel + Leisure® is a registered trademark of Travel + Leisure Holdco, LLC, a subsidiary of Wyndham Destinations,
Inc. Travel + Leisure® World’s Best Awards is used under license. Travel + Leisure® is published by TI Inc. Affluent Media
Group, a Dotdash Meredith company, which is not affiliated with Wyndham Destinations, Inc. or its subsidiaries.

2

PAGE 4

St. Simons Island
What could be better than a summer that never ends?
On St. Simons Island, easy living lasts all year long. Here,
timeless experiences fill your soul—where bountiful beach
days are wrapped in the ocean breeze and warmed by
endless sunshine.

PAGE 8

Sea Island
Immerse yourself in the grandeur of exclusive adventures
where the ocean’s rhythm meets the private beaches of Sea
Island. Whether sailing with the wind or working on your
swing, this retreat makes indulging in luxury easy—and
creating memories to cherish even easier.

PAGE 12

Little St. Simons Island
Escape to Little St. Simons Island, a wild haven where
distractions simply don’t exist. It’s the ideal place to
rediscover what’s most important to you. Hike through
magnificent maritime forests and unparalleled ecosystems,
and let the untamed calls of nature fill your senses.

PAGE 16

Jekyll Island
Jekyll Island welcomes you with its sweeping golden
marshes and idyllic beaches, radiating timeless charisma
and a rich tapestry of historical tales. Here, you can reflect
on moments of grand significance and find yourself utterly
enchanted by the island’s many expeditions.

PAGE 20

Brunswick
Allow the charming port city of Brunswick to captivate
you with its scenic waterways and vibrant marshlands.
Day or night, watch Historic Downtown Brunswick
come alive with local flavors, sights, sounds, and a strong
presence of community.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 3

ST. SIMONS
ISLAND
Serene and Sublime

4

GOLDEN ISLES • ST. SIMONS ISLAND

“We come to
St. Simons every
summer. The view
from the lighthouse
is beautiful!”
—JANE SUCIC

St. Simons Island, the largest of
Georgia’s barrier islands, invites
visitors to embrace the rhythm
of island life and discover
coastal adventures at every turn.
Its easygoing charm makes it
the perfect place for families to
unwind and explore nature’s
wonders at their own pace.
From peaceful stretches of
beach and ancient maritime
forests to scenic marshlands
and 20 miles of bike-friendly
trails, the island offers endless
ways to connect with the
outdoors. Rich history, vibrant
local flavors, and genuine
Southern hospitality help create
the makings of a truly
unforgettable coastal escape.

99

95

Little St.
Simons
Island

17

St. Simons
Island

Sea
Island

303

n

Brunswick

c
ti

Jekyll
Island

an

520

Oc

ea

17

At

l

goldenisles.com • 800.933.2627

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 5

Island Itinerary
Enjoy a perfect day on St. Simons
9:30 A.M. Start your day at Palmer’s
Village Café, a quaint eatery serving up
delicious breakfast. Enjoy the housemade ground sausage and famous
tomato jam.
11 A.M. After breakfast, hop on a St. Simons
Trolley Tour to get lost in the storied past of
the island. Relax in style as you are taken to
dozens of sites around the island.
12:30 P.M. After the tour, get a closer look
at some of the island’s historic landmarks.
Take a leisurely stroll down the pier, where
you can enjoy sweeping ocean views and
watch anglers try their luck. Continue
walking along the paved pathway to find
Neptune Park and the St. Simons
Lighthouse Museum.
2 P.M. Head to the tree-lined streets of
Redfern Village shopping district, where
you can stop in locally owned boutiques
and art galleries. After you’ve shopped ‘til
you dropped, head to nearby Southern
Soul Barbecue for smoky bites and
Southern comfort served on every plate.

Guiding
Light

3 P.M. Next, rent a beach cruiser or
tandem bike, and explore the St. Simons
Island Trail System, featuring more than 20
miles of paths that pass by the Historical
Harrington School Cultural Center,
Frederica Park, and other attractions.

A

trip to St. Simons Island isn’t complete without
a visit to the iconic lighthouse. Constructed in
1872, this navigation aid still safely guides mariners
into St. Simons Sound. Enter the museum store to
grab your ticket and peruse unique local gifts; from
there, visit the Keeper’s Dwelling, a two-story Victorian structure that initially housed the lighthouse keepFor more than 150 years, the ers and their families. Today, it includes interactive
St. Simons Island Lighthouse exhibits, rare artifacts, and period rooms that reveal
the history of St. Simons Island and the life of a lighthas served as a beacon
house keeper. Next, climb the tower’s 129-step cast
iron spiral staircase. The trek is well worth it—at the top, you’ll find stellar panoramic views
of the coast, including the south side of St. Simons, Jekyll, and the mainland, Brunswick. Walk
the lighthouse’s gorgeous grounds adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean and enjoy the sights and
sounds of crashing waves at high tide. Keep an eye out for various placards outside the museum that provide additional information and history about the area. The bright-white brick
tower stands out against the surrounding sky, providing the perfect family photo op before
you’re onto your next adventure.
6

6 P.M. Make the most of your evening at
one of the numerous restaurants boasting
golden hour ambience and locally
inspired dishes. Diners looking for an
upscale experience may choose Del Sur,
while Certified Burgers & Beverage is a
good option for a laid-back evening.

Certified Burgers & Beverage

GOLDEN ISLES • ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Go With
the Flow
Overlooking St. Simons Sound, the St. Simons Island
Pier—said to be one of only three in Georgia that extends
into the Atlantic Ocean—is a crossroads to the world. At
its base, Mallery Street and Pier Village are filled with
shops, where visitors can find one-of-a-kind souvenirs
and fishermen can stock up on gear, bait, and tackle. Grab
a quick bite, such as fresh shrimp and scallops or a crab
cake sandwich, before taking a post-meal stroll on the pier
alongside anglers waiting patiently for a nibble on their
lines as the waves splash against the pier’s pilings. Wander
among the other passersby: moms and dads with excited
kiddos begging for ice cream treats, groups of teenagers
snapping selfies, starry-eyed couples holding hands.
Cast your gaze at the St. Simons Lighthouse towering in
the distance, pods of dolphins cavorting for appreciative
audiences (depending on the time of year), and the thin
horizon where the gray-green Atlantic meets the sky.

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 7

SEA
ISLAND
Sweet Seclusion

88

GOLDEN
ISLES
SEA
ISLAND
G
OLDEN I
S L E S•| S E
A ISLA
ND

“Love this place!
It’s elegant, serene,
historical, and away
from the crowds.”
—MEREDITH MCCLEARY

Since its founding in 1928, Sea Island
has been dedicated to impeccable
service and gracious hospitality.
Celebrating 98 years and 80
Forbes Five-Star awards, this
internationally acclaimed island
resort is brimming with first-class
adventures for its guests, including
five miles of private beach,
horseback riding, sailing, tennis,
three championship golf courses,
and a Forbes Five-Star Spa.
Guests can stay at one of two
on-site Forbes Five-Star properties
(The Cloister or The Lodge), rent
a cottage, or stay at Broadfield, a
Sea Island Sporting Club and Lodge.
A selection of gourmet on-site
restaurants makes for a luxurious
end to unforgettable days.
Sea Island is a private resort open to
resort guests and members only.

99

95

Little St.
Simons
Island

17

St. Simons
Island

Sea
Island

303

n

Brunswick

c
ti

Jekyll
Island

an

520

Oc

ea

17

At

l

seaisland.com • 877.907.5698

GOLDENIS
E S . C O M• | 9
GOLDENISLES.COM

Stunning Stay
Luxury touches and laidback appeal come together on Sea Island

SEA ISLAND

Celebrating 98 years and 80 Forbes Five Stars, Sea Island is an exceptional resort destination for anyone looking for
elevated hospitality and luxurious accommodations. The striking red-tile roof, arched entryways, and ornate balustrades tell you The Cloister is no ordinary place. Since its opening in 1928, it has hosted presidents, world leaders, and
society grande dames. Today, with more than 250 rooms and suites, and surrounded by 50 acres of land, river, marshes,
and ocean, The Cloister is every bit the elegant accommodation it was nearly a century ago, beloved for its creature
comforts, impeccable service, and gracious hospitality. In addition to The Cloister, Sea Island opened The Lodge, another Forbes Five-Star property, in 2001. With only 43 rooms and seven oceanfront cottages, it’s equal parts intimate
hideaway and high-end boutique hotel. Rich wood and exposed beams create a cozy, historic feel, while ocean views
from the balconies bring the outdoors to your fingertips, and championship golf is right next door.

10

GOLDEN ISLES • SEA ISLAND

Soothing
Sanctuary
Indulge in lavish
body treatments and
therapeutic massages at
the 65,000-square-foot
Forbes Five-Star spa
Massages
Unwind with one of the spa’s
signature massages, such as
the Sweet Dreams, which uses
calming essential oils to lull
you into tranquil rest. Other
options include Swedish and
hot stone massages and fullbody reflexology.
Signature Services
Revitalize and hydrate skin
with a trio of full-body
pampering sessions that
use therapies such as
body polishes, refreshing
dry brushing, exfoliating
aromatherapy showers, and
nourishing balms.
Facials
Give your skin a glow-up with
one of several facials, including
the “Sea to C” with its powerful
vitamin C treatment and the
signature anti-aging “Sea Island,”
which plumps and soothes
mature skin with concentrated
serums and peptides.

SEA ISLAND

Holistic
Restore the mind and body
with a private sound journey—a
meditation accompanied by the
soothing sounds of singing bowls,
drums, and shakers. Or try a
guided labyrinth walk, an active
meditation along a serene path.
Other Offerings
In addition to massages
and facials, The Spa at Sea
Island offers plenty of beauty
treatments, including hair and
nail services. Personal training
sessions are also available,
from yoga and Pilates lessons
to private Hydro-Bike workouts.

Culinary Wonders
A

team of outstanding executive chefs presiding over 14 restaurants has established Sea Island as a top culinary
destination. Resort guests and members can tuck into mouthwatering USDA prime steak at The Lodge’s
Colt & Alison, while diners at The Cloister can enjoy upscale American cuisine at Georgian Rooms (its Lounge
also serves sushi) or a taste of Italy at Tavola, where wood-fired pizza is best paired with an Old-World vintage
from Head Sommelier Ryan McLoughlin’s cellars. Share a small plate at River Bar & Lounge, a Lowcountry boil at
Rainbow Island, or peel-and-eat shrimp by the ocean at Southern Tide. Save room for dessert: Wonderland’s Gold
Brick Sundae is a Sea Island favorite among guests of all ages. And if you’re out and about exploring St. Simons
Island and need a quick bite, The Market at Sea Island is open to the public and features on-the-go favorites, such
as made-to-order sandwiches, take-and-bake dinner options, and plenty of specialty food items and snacks.

High-Flying Fun
Get up close and personal with
raptors, including hawks, falcons,
and owls, during one of Sea Island’s
falconry programs. Take a walk on
Rainbow Island with a falconer and
Harris hawk and witness the action
firsthand when a raptor flies to your
gloved fist. Or join a half-day outing
at Broadfield to observe a peregrine
falcon in pursuit of gamebirds and a
Harris hawk chasing bobwhite quail
and eastern gray squirrels.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 11

LITTLE
ST. SIMONS
ISLAND
Where the Wild Things Are

12

GOLDEN ISLES • LITTLE ST. SIMONS ISLAND

“It’s an awesome
place to go recharge
your batteries.”
—CHARLEY LEE

Step back in time on Little St. Simons
Island, an 11,000-acre sanctuary that
offers a glimpse into what Georgia’s
barrier islands looked like millennia
ago. This pristine haven boasts seven
miles of undeveloped beaches, 8,000
acres of vibrant marshes, and 3,000
acres of ancient forests and uplands—a true paradise for wildlife.
Join experienced naturalists on
guided island tours to explore
untouched ecosystems and discover
secluded natural beauty not found
anywhere else. Whether you choose
a day trip or an overnight stay at the
intimate eco-lodge (named the #1
Best All-Inclusive Resort in the USA
by Travel + Leisure), you can embark
on unforgettable expeditions like
hiking, biking, fishing, kayaking, and
birding. You might even spot a
flamingo, a rare and exciting sight
first recorded here in 2024.

99

95

Little St.
Simons
Island

17

St. Simons
Island

Sea
Island

303

n

Brunswick

c
ti

Jekyll
Island

an

520

Oc

ea

17

At

l

littlessi.com • 888.733.5774

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 13

Craft Your
Experience

Day Trip
Get away from it all and join an
island naturalist for a day full of
exploring the island’s secluded,
old-growth live oak forests and
untouched coastline. After your
boat docks, ride along in an openback truck for a truly immersive
experience, and look out for
resident wildlife, including alligators
and all types of birds. A ferry ride
to and from the island and a freshpacked picnic lunch made by the
island’s kitchen staff come included
with the excursion. Reservations
must be made in advance and are
only available on scheduled dates.

Natural Choice

L

ose yourself in the wonders of the natural world on Little St. Simons Island, where the only
timekeepers are the ebb and flow of tides and the rising and setting of the sun. Your journey
starts with a 15-minute boat ride from St. Simons Island’s Hampton River Marina. Once you arrive, a
world of activities awaits. Take a tour of the dense forest from the flatbed of a pickup or go on a guided
paddle of one of the surrounding creeks, where you have a chance of spotting dolphins just beneath
the water’s surface. Fish for red drum in the tidal creeks and salt marshes, or wait patiently with
binoculars in a bird blind for a chance to spot some feathered friends in action. Endless stretches of
beach beckon, so hop on a bike (or go for a leisurely stroll) and hunt for shells. Come evening, after a
meal featuring regional produce and herbs from the on-site garden and fresh desserts made with fruits
harvested from the island, retire to a rocker or a swing. As the ribbons of gold and orange sunlight
reflect on glassy creeks, ease into the rhythm of ambient chirping and buzzing—aka nature’s lullaby.

14

Stay and Play
A multi-day, all-inclusive stay at the
Lodge is the perfect way to get a
true feel for the island’s 11,000 acres
of magic. Book immersive excursions
(like guided birding hikes or fishing
trips), enjoy garden-to-table goodness at every meal, and help yourself
to kayaks, bikes, and other adventure
supplies. Assist marine biologists with
their research during a wildlife workshop, such as the annual fly fishing
workshop, a program in which visitors
receive expert instruction and tutorials and enjoy two days of guided
fishing trips.

GOLDEN ISLES • LITTLE ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Wild Haven

C A S S I E W R I G H T P H OTO G R A P H Y

Experience wonders of the natural world during an overnight stay or day trip to Little St. Simons Island, accessible only by boat.
Explore undisturbed forests of pines, magnolias, and oaks, or paddle though the golden marshes. Enjoy springtime’s abundant wildflowers, the rare and prehistoric marsh mallow blooms in summer, and flowering sweetgrasses during the fall. Through each season,
the conserved landscapes provide flourishing habitats for resident and migratory animals, including birds, marsh rabbits, gators,
butterflies, and diamondback terrapin turtles. Summer is nesting season for loggerhead sea turtles. Every year, mother loggerheads
venture to the island’s undeveloped beaches to lay eggs, and a few months later, hatchlings dash to the tideline to begin their lives.
While exploring untouched beaches, you might find horseshoe crabs, uncover swaths of shells, and even catch a glimpse of a longbilled curlew, a seldom-seen shorebird on the Atlantic Coast. Over the fall and winter, the island hosts seasonal bird counts, which
have tallied more than 300 species, including nesting bald eagles, roseate spoonbills, painted buntings, flocks of red knots, and
American oystercatchers. No matter the season, there’s plenty to explore in this haven of wildlife and natural richness.

GOLDENIS
L S . C O M •| 115
GOLDENISLES.COM

JEKYLL ISLAND
Time, Tide, and Tradition

16

GOLDEN ISLES • JEKYLL ISLAND

“I love Jekyll Island.
It’s beautiful.
One of my favorite
places to visit.”
—JEANETTE CUSATIS

Let Jekyll Island captivate you
with its abundance of natural
beauty, thrilling coastal activities,
and graceful echoes of the past.
Explore 10 miles of shoreline,
winding through windswept
dunes, maritime forests, and
wide, unspoiled beaches. Get up
close with conservation efforts at
the state’s only sea turtle
rehabilitation center, or perfect
your swing on one of Jekyll Island
Golf Club’s impressive courses.
Journey into the past with a stroll
through the National Historic
Landmark District, a vital piece of
American history. With inviting
accommodations, exciting
signature events, and local dining
offering the freshest catch with
breathtaking water views, Jekyll
Island offers the perfect escape to
satisfy your soul.
99

95

Little St.
Simons
Island

17

St. Simons
Island

Sea
Island

303

n

Brunswick

c
ti

Jekyll
Island

Oc

ea
520

an

KY L E M O R G A N

17

At

l

jekyllisland.com • 912.635.3636

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 17

Curated on the Coast

Spend A Day on Jekyll
Plan a perfect day on the island
from dawn to dusk
6 A.M. Start your morning bright and early
with a sunrise turtle walk patrolling the
beach for turtle activity and taking
inventory of new turtle nests from May to
August.
8 A.M. Head to Wake Up Coffee Co. for
coffee under the oaks. Enjoy local
favorites, like the Turtle Mocha with
chocolate and caramel.
9 A.M. Rent a bike to explore more than
20 miles of trails. Stop by The District
Shops at historic Pier Road to find the
latest coastal styles and unique souvenirs.
12 P.M. For lunch, head to 24 Coastal Grill,
located at the Holiday Inn Resort. Enjoy
oceanfront dining, fresh seafood,
Southern-inspired cuisine, and live
entertainment.
1 P.M. Afterward, bring out your
competitive side with a round of mini golf.
All ages and skill levels will enjoy the two
18-hole courses.

J

ekyll Island’s National Historic Landmark District has long been a lovely place to shop,
dine, and simply relax, but with The District Shops at historic Pier Road having opened last
year (part of the island's National Historic Landmark District), a new wave of local attractions
has made the area an even greater place to stay, play, and spend the day.
Historically, Pier Road was the heart of the service area for the former Jekyll Island Club, housing
many support structures and activities necessary to maintain the Club and serve its members. That
history adds a layer of depth to this recent development. The revitalized Pier Road offers more than
just a shopping destination—it’s a chance to connect with the rich heritage of Jekyll Island.
Featuring a mix of retail, dining, and interactive experiences, with walkable paths that
make it easy to explore on foot or by bike, the district provides seamless connectivity to local
businesses. Visitors are enjoying additions such as a fast-casual restaurant with a beer garden, a
coffee shop, and an ice cream and candy store. These newer spots joined the already open 31•81
flagship store and North Pole South, which offers Christmas collectibles year-round. Other
businesses include the first official Georgia Grown store, Pier Road Outfitters, and a Gilded Age
portrait experience.
The District Shops at historic Pier Road are complemented by nearby attractions like the
nationally recognized Georgia Sea Turtle Center, Mosaic Jekyll Island Museum, and the Jekyll
Island Club Resort, making it an easy stop for an exciting day out.
18

3 P.M. Visit in summer to beat the heat at
Summer Waves Water Park. Enjoy a lazy
lap around Turtle Creek or catch a
high-speed thrill down Man o' War, the
park's newest attraction.
6 P.M. Enjoy dinner at Jekyll & Tide,
located at Villas by the Sea. Try a steak
with your choice of hearty sides, or order a
signature dish featuring Georgia shrimp
and locally caught fish.
8 P.M. Grab an after-dinner sweet treat
from Fuse Frozen Yogurt and end the night
stargazing at the iconic Driftwood Beach.

Summer Waves

GOLDEN ISLES • JEKYLL ISLAND

Enigmatic Wonder
On the northern tip of Jekyll Island, you’ll discover mysterious, twisted shapes: tree trunks, some bleached by the wind
and sun, most lying prone, their twisted branches outstretched toward the sky. Once a lush maritime forest that protected
the shore, Driftwood Beach is now covered with the upended trees due to decades of erosion. Enjoy a picnic under one of
these weathered sculptures, string a hammock, or pose for a photo op beside one of the massive old limbs. Low tide is the
best time to explore the breathtaking shoreline, and you can even bring your dog along for a stroll. An auspicious location
made beautiful by the sands of time, the beach is an ideal spot for some romantic stargazing or exchanging of wedding
vows. This wonderful, natural landscape changes like the tides, adding to the mystery and draw of Driftwood Beach.

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 19

BRUNSWICK
Historic Home Port

20

GOLDEN ISLES • BRUNSWICK

“Brunswick is such a
hidden gem. We love
staying there and
exploring the area!”
—AMY KAPPEL

Brunswick, the vibrant mainland
and port city, perfectly blends
small-town charm with big-city
evolution. Known as the Gateway to
the Golden Isles and one of the
largest ports on the East Coast,
Brunswick boasts a thriving
shrimping industry, a four-year
college, and a world-class healthcare facility. Take a specialized tour
of the historic downtown, where
Victorian architecture houses local
shops, unique restaurants, a
revitalized boutique hotel, rooftop
dining, a brewery, and a distillery—
all reflecting the grandeur of the
past. Immerse yourself in Brunswick’s culture by attending a local
festival or live music event, and
you’ll be greeted by the warm,
friendly faces of its residents.

99

95

Little St.
Simons
Island

17

St. Simons
Island

Sea
Island

303

n

Brunswick

c
ti

Jekyll
Island

an

520

Oc

ea

17

At

l

discoverbrunswick.com • 912.265.4032

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 21

Brunswick Reimagined
A downtown renaissance in full bloom

L

aid out in a classic grid of city streets
and squares still bearing their colonial
names, the port city of Brunswick is
opening a new chapter in historic revival.
Along the wharf, shrimp boats line the
docks ready to trawl local waters—living
proof of the region’s rich seafood industry.
Watch ocean vessels come into port, see
shrimpers unload their fresh catch along
Bay Street, and savor coastal flavors at one
of Brunswick’s many restaurants.
Revitalization Brings New Life Downtown
Brunswick’s vibrant downtown renaissance

is creating a transformation from an elegant
Victorian streetscape to a dynamic hub
of culture, commerce, and community,
breathing new life into Brunswick’s historic
heart. The area is anchored by landmarked
renovations, one being the restoration
of the Ritz Theatre, built in 1899 and still
functioning today with year-round live
performances, films, and exhibits. Another
is the iconic Kress Building, a historic
hotel with a rooftop restaurant and bar,
neighbored by a climbing gym, residential
units, and other businesses.
The mainland city has also adapted

Spanning the Ages
Sidney Lanier Bridge pays homage to Georgia
history and recognizes the state’s growth
At 7,780 feet long and 486 feet tall, the Sidney Lanier Bridge is the tallest cable-stayed suspension
bridge and longest-spanning bridge in Georgia,
providing easy access to the Golden Isles from
Interstate 95. The bridge spans the Brunswick
River and bears the name of celebrated Georgia
22

reuse of industrial gems like Queen &
Grant, an event venue that embraces both
preservation and innovation. Signature
Squares of Brunswick continues to beautify
the city’s historic green spaces, while
community-oriented nonprofits and
entrepreneurs introduce events, breweries,
studios, and galleries that enliven the
district. With restored architecture and an
expanding dining and retail scene, restored
housing and a host of cultural offerings,
downtown Brunswick’s progress is rooted
in heritage, preserving the past while
building the future.

poet Sidney Lanier, the author of the beloved
poem “The Marshes of Glynn.” Lanier’s work,
written in the 1870s, captures the natural beauty
of the land—namely the scenic, lush marshes surrounding the area. The current bridge was built as
a replacement to the original lift bridge, which was
a drawbridge. Now, it contains 95,283 cubic yards
of concrete and a staggering 14,810,095 pounds of
reinforcing steel, magnifying its presence as one
of the greatest structures in the state and one that
reflects the area’s resilience and growth.

GOLDEN ISLES • BRUNSWICK

Live, Work, & Play
A thriving business ecosystem and a strong
sense of community make Brunswick
a charming home for those seeking
opportunities and a coastal lifestyle.
A growing number of downtown lofts,
historic homes, and modern housing
options ensure residents can enjoy
close-knit neighborhoods and scenic
surroundings. For example, Brunswick’s
Leotis building is a unique property
that is both residential and commercial,
with luxury lofts upstairs and a curated
art gallery as well as several local
businesses on ground level. Brunswick’s
burgeoning economy also creates a stable
environment for growth and success, with
an increasing number of small businesses,
remote workers, and entrepreneurs who
enjoy the ease of walkable commutes and
local coffee shops. Strategically located
near the Port of Brunswick, the city also
has easy access to major transportation
routes supporting careers in logistics,
trade, and manufacturing.
Brunswick’s walkable downtown makes
exploring the city easy. Craft your own

experience from a variety of downtown
tours and attractions, like a self-guided
tour as you stroll through each historic
square or a guided bike tour to cover more
ground. Uncover unique experiences at a
tea factory, rum distillery, brewery, rock
climbing, and much more. Not to mention,
the scenic marshes of Glynn are just
waiting to be discovered by kayak or during
a fishing charter excursion.
After hours, locals and visitors enjoy an
array of restaurants, breweries, galleries,
and community events all set against the
backdrop of historic architecture and
moss-filled live oak trees. In addition
to a robust lineup of annual festivals,
Brunswick’s First Friday event is a monthly
celebration packed with live music,
artisans and craft vendors, food trucks,
and family-friendly activities. This event
showcases Brunswick’s creative spirit,
welcoming all walks of life to a dynamic
atmosphere. From history and the arts to
waterfront charm and vibrant community
events, Brunswick offers a compelling mix
of experiences—walkable, welcoming, and
always full of Southern coastal spirit.

1509 Brunswick

City Discoveries
Five ways to experience the port
city’s charm
1. Show Time. The historic Ritz Theatre was built
in 1899 to house the Grand Opera House,
retail establishments, and the general offices
of the Brunswick and Birmingham Railroad.
Today, the colorful marquee still lights up the
night and represents a piece of Old Town
Brunswick. Catch live performances, films,
exhibits, educational programs, and more at
the 440-seat theater.
2. Remarkable Restoration. Book your stay at
the Kress Hotel, a recently revitalized boutique
hotel featuring upscale suites with vintage
design touches. Take in the sweeping views of
Brunswick while sipping on a signature
cocktail from the hotel’s rooftop bar and
restaurant, 1509 Brunswick.

KY L E M O R G A N ; B E N JA M I N G A L L A N D

3. Shop & Play. For rain-or-shine fun, spend the
day scaling walls at Brunswick Rocks, a new
bouldering facility that welcomes climbers of
all skill levels and ages. Or head to Biron Tea
Factory + Tasting Room to observe as staffers
mix and bag the teas, sample the products
yourself, and book a tea tasting for an
informative and delicious experience.
4. Fair Squares. Laid out among a neat grid of
streets, the 14 Signature Squares of Old Town
Brunswick provide greenspaces carpeted with
grass and brimming with flowers and shrubs.
All represent a piece of Brunswick history; hop
on a bike and learn all about them with
Brunswick Old Town Tours.
5. On Cloud Wine. Get off the beaten path and
journey to AGIO Italian Steak located at the
Doubletree by Hilton Brunswick. Your meal will
pair perfectly with a wine from their curated
list—or treat yourself to a craft cocktail.

THE GREAT
OUTDOORS
Immerse yourself in the natural beauty of the beaches, tidal marshes,
and maritime forests that make up the Golden Isles
24
24

GOLDEN ISLES • THE GREAT OUTDOORS

Stewards
of the Land
The central mission of the St. Simons
Land Trust is protecting the area’s
abundant natural history
Cannon’s Point Preserve

H

aving celebrated its 25th anniversary in
2025, the St. Simons Land Trust (SSLT)
works to preserve the natural beauty and
scenic character that make its namesake
island so unique. To date, the Land Trust
has protected more than 30 properties
encompassing 1,300 acres, or roughly a
tenth of the land on St. Simons Island.
These preserved land parcels—which
include a mix of pristine maritime forest,
historic or culturally significant properties,
and ecologically rich shoreline acreage—will
forever be kept as pockets of natural beauty
enjoyed by both residents and visitors alike,
thanks to the work of the Land Trust and its
donors and volunteers.
The SSLT’s protected properties
include the Old Stables Corner, a
beloved greenspace at the intersection
of Frederica Road and Sea Island Road,
one of the island’s main thoroughfares,
where passersby can revel in the beauty
of the site’s majestic, Spanish moss–laden

live oak trees. Not too far away, the Land
Trust’s John Gilbert Nature Trail is one
of the most visited spots on the island—
thanks in large part to its well-maintained
paths, boardwalk views of the salt marsh,
and access to John’s Oak, a 200-year-old
live oak that stands sentinel near the
center of the trail.
Looking for a larger nature escape? Head
to the three miles of biking and hiking
trails at Guale Preserve in the heart of the
island or to the 644 acres at Cannon’s Point
Preserve, where you can hike, bike, picnic,
or kayak while watching for one of the many
bird species and other animals who call
the preserve’s salt marsh and expansive
maritime forest home.
Through its educational outreach and
partnerships, the Land Trust has conducted
scientific research to restore maritime
forests with live oak seedlings, to prevent
storm erosion with “living shorelines” built
from oyster shells and native plants, and

more recently, to encourage preservation of
greenspace within local developers’ future
neighborhood designs.
The Land Trust celebrated its
silver anniversary with special events
throughout the year, including an oyster
roast, family-friendly events such as a
movie night, and a series of guided walks.
“We really want to sustain a culture
of conservation on St. Simons,” says
Executive Director Emily Ellison. “It’s so
important that we get people out on our
properties so they see what we’re saving—
and why it’s so important.”

Junior Explorers
The St. Simons Land Trust’s free, kid-friendly
Passport to Preservation features a map,
information about protected properties,
and details about native plants and coastal
wildlife. Passports are available at the Golden
Isles Welcome Center and the St. Simons
Land Trust Office at 1810 Frederica Road.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 25

Ocean Calling
The Golden Isles is home to premier beaches along Georgia’s pristine coastline

D

oes an exciting day at the beach with the whole
family sound like your perfect day? Up for a swim
or some fun in the sun and surf? Love to hit the sand
with your pooch, find the perfect seashell, or watch a
spectacular sunrise or serene sunset? Beautiful beaches
abound, whatever seaside excursion you choose.

26

GOLDEN ISLES • THE GREAT OUTDOORS

Activities Galore
Body surf at Great Dunes Beach
or Massengale Park. Saddle up
for horseback riding along Jekyll
Island’s Driftwood Beach or
make reservations at Sea Island
for a private beach ride. At St.
Simons’ Coast Guard Beach,
practice your bocce moves, spike
a volleyball, or rent a bike to
explore with pedal power.

Treasure Hunt
Seashells—coquinas, spirals, and
sand dollars—sparkle on East
Beach, Gould’s Inlet, Driftwood,
and St. Andrews. And with seven
miles of untouched strand, Little
St. Simons Island is a sheller’s
paradise. Always inspect shells for
living creatures residing in them;
should you discover one, return it
to the sea. It is illegal in Georgia to
collect live specimens.

Family Fun

SEA ISLAND

The beaches on St. Simons Island are ideal for families.
Massengale Park has picnic areas, a playground, and
restroom facilities. Coast Guard Beach boasts ample
parking with easy beach access. And Jekyll Island’s
Great Dunes has parking, restroom facilities, mini golf,
restaurants, retail, and bike rentals.

Lucky Dog
Leash? Check. Waste bags? Check. Extra water? Check.
East Beach, Massengale Park (St. Simons Island), Driftwood Beach, Great Dunes, Oceanview, and St. Andrews
(Jekyll Island) are all pet friendly. On St. Simons Island,
between Memorial Day and Labor Day, pets are only
allowed before 9 a.m. and after 6 p.m.

Here for the View
Rise early for a spectacular
sunrise on St. Simons’ East Beach
or on Jekyll Island’s Driftwood
Beach. Sigh in contentment as
you watch a sunset on St. Andrews Beach, the only strand on
Jekyll Island that faces west.

Animal Crossing
Gould’s Inlet on St. Simons Island
is aflutter with shorebirds. Jekyll
Island’s Glory Beach is a sanctuary
for resting and nesting birds. Sea
Island and undeveloped Little St.
Simons Island are also wonderful
for wildlife encounters on their
secluded beaches.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 27

Coastal Creatures
With 100 miles of coastline and plentiful tidal marshes, dunes, and
maritime forests, the Golden Isles is rich in all types of wildlife, from
those with fins and scales to ones with paws or wings

AIR | With more than 300 species catalogued in its fall and winter counts, the Golden Isles is a birder’s
dream. In winter, white pelicans and plovers cruise over the ocean, while cedar waxwings nibble on holly
berries. Look for bald eagles nesting for the season as well as great horned owls. Spring brings robins,
ruby crowned kinglets, and oystercatchers. By summer, the air is rife with egrets, herons, terns, osprey,
ruby-throated hummingbirds, and wrens. Come fall, shorebirds are active, swallows are passing through, and
once again, bald eagles are returning to nest. They are joined by the great horned owls in December, along
with ducks, such as hooded mergansers and buffleheads—just in time for the Christmas bird count.
28

GOLDEN ISLES • THE GREAT OUTDOORS

Where to Watch

LAND | Maritime forests and
marshlands are great feeding and
burrowing grounds for the variety of
land animals that inhabit the Golden
Isles. Native whitetail deer are a common
sight, especially on the northern end of
St. Simons Island and near golf courses
on Jekyll Island, where they enjoy fertile
grazing grounds. Darting in and out of
forests and grasslands among frogs and
squirrels are marsh rabbits, bobcats,
raccoons, and armadillos. More elusive
is the small and playful American mink,
whose tracks have been seen near their
burrowing sites along the marshes of
Jekyll Island.

Immerse yourself in the
Golden Isles’ natural
splendor at these wildliferich spots
Little St. Simons Island
Whether visiting for a day or
overnight, you’ll have your pick
of guided or solo encounters with
wild things on beaches, hiking
and biking trails, and kayak tours
of creeks and rivers.
CoastFest
Part of the Golden Isles community
for nearly 30 years, CoastFest provides attendees with free opportunities to learn about the Georgia
coast’s natural resources, wildlife,
climate science, litter prevention,
and dozens of other topics.
4-H Tidelands Nature Center
Go on a kayak tour, rent a canoe,
and cast a line in a creek, or
get to know alligators, snakes,
butterflies, crabs, and shells at
Jekyll Island’s education center
dedicated to raising awareness
of coastal ecology.

SEA | Loggerhead turtles and bottlenose
dolphins are arguably the most popular stars
among the entire cast of the Golden Isles’ marine life. Volunteer with the St. Simons Island
Sea Turtle Project for a chance to see—and most
importantly, save and protect—Georgia’s sea
turtle population (more about these efforts on
page 30). Bottlenose dolphins are a common
sight as they feed along the coastline in late
summer, but you’ll also find them showing off
for onlookers on dolphin cruises or kayakers on
the area’s creeks and rivers—also the territory
of river otters, manatees, and alligators. However engaging these playful hams are—as they

jump, dive, leap, and twist—they don’t compare
to the breathtaking sight of North Atlantic right
whales migrating off the coast of St. Simons
Island as they head toward calving grounds in
winter, or pilot whales that have occasionally
been sighted off Little St. Simons. And don’t
forget the denizens of the dunes and shallow
surf: ghost crabs and horseshoe crabs. As for the
area’s waters, they could easily be dubbed liquid
gold given their massive variety of fish. Spanish
mackerel, king mackerel, cobia, redfish, tripletail, speckled sea trout, and tarpon draw sport
fishermen to the Golden Isles’ shorelines, open
ocean, tidal rivers, and estuaries year-round.

Earth Day Nature Trail
Built by the Georgia Department of Natural Resources, this
self-guided trail in Brunswick
includes high grounds with ocean
views and wooden boardwalks
traversing marsh habitats of
wading birds. Sit a while at an
observation deck or climb an observation tower for, well, a bird’seye view of the natural beauty of
Glynn County.
Guale Preserve
Protected by the St. Simons Land
Trust in 2019, Guale Preserve is a
wilderness oasis in the heart of
the island. Easily accessible from
the bike path along Lawrence
Road, this property boasts nearly
three miles of trails through
maritime forest, old dune ridges,
and pond pine stands perfect
for hiking, biking, birding, and
photography.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 29

Shells of Hope
Turtles get a second chance at the Georgia Sea Turtle Center

Two-Wheel Tour
With plenty of wide, flat roads
and paths galore, the Golden
Isles is ideal for cyclists of all
skills and speeds. Make a day
of it on St. Simons Island’s 20
miles of bike trails.
1. Start your morning at Pier Village
around the time when fishermen cast
lines from the pier. Steer your bike
north down the sidewalk that runs
parallel to the St. Simons Sound and
make your way to The Cottage
Custard + Coffee for a caffeine kick
and a quick breakfast.
2. Wind your way to the WWII Homefront
Museum, where you can take a biking
break and learn about coastal
Georgia’s contributions to the war.
3. Cruise down Demere Road for a taste
of colonial history at the Bloody Marsh
Battle Site, where Gen. James
Oglethorpe fended off Spanish troops.
4. Around midday, continue north on
Frederica Road; hop off near Redfern
Village for a bite to eat and to browse
through the local shops and
boutiques.

M

eet some of the most majestic
residents of the Golden Isles at the
Georgia Sea Turtle Center—the only sea
turtle education and rehabilitation facility
in the state. The family-friendly center on
Jekyll Island offers a variety of interactive
experiences for all ages, led by experts who
are dedicated to showcasing the importance
of preserving wildlife.
Housed in a converted historic power
plant, the center educates guests through
hands-on exhibits that provide interesting,
comprehensive information about sea turtle
conservation, behavior, and the challenges
they face in the wild. Here you can get an indepth glimpse of the life of a sea turtle—from
how they breed and lay eggs to what they eat
and how they migrate.

30

Another way the center focuses on
conservation and protecting wildlife is by
operating as a hospital, providing emergency
care to hundreds of sick and injured sea
turtles with great results. In fact, most
eventually return to the ocean. Tour the turtle
hospital and see the rehabilitation process up
close by watching treatments and daily care
through special viewing windows.
Visitors can also take part in a range of
turtle-centered activities during a stay in
the Golden Isles. Join a dawn or night patrol
where, using special turtle-safe lights, you can
see nesting sea turtles and their hatchlings.
Or participate in a sunrise or evening turtle
walk along parts of Jekyll Island’s 10 miles of
shoreline. No matter which you choose, an
unforgettable experience awaits.

5. Start pedaling north again on
Frederica Road and stop at the John
Gilbert Nature Trail a mile away. Lock
your rig on a bike rack and wander to
the 200-year-old “John’s Oak.”
6. Farther down Frederica Road, hang a
right and say hello to the occupants of
Frederica Stables before admiring the
fanciful Fairy Village in Frederica Park.
7. Engage your inner historian with a
stop at Christ Church and its
surrounding cemetery, and a little
farther, the tabby ruins of Fort
Frederica. Stop by the new visitor
center, where young travelers can
begin their journey to become a
Junior Ranger.
8. As you roll back into town, pull up to
Porch and celebrate your day of
cycling with a cold frosé and some
Nashville hot chicken.

GOLDEN ISLES • THE GREAT OUTDOORS

Parks & Recreation Venues
ST. SIMONS ISLAND
Alice Richards Botanical Trail

Frederica Park, 2201 Lawrence Rd.

Cannon’s Point Preserve

560 Cannon’s Point Dr.

Correll Trail at Oatland

3100 Lawrence Rd.

Demere Park

1219 Demere Rd.

Epworth Park

108 Lady Huntingdon Dr.

Frederica Park

2201 Lawrence Rd.

Gascoigne Bluff Park

1000 Arthur J. Moore Dr.

Gateway Property

901 Arthur J. Moore Dr.

Guale Preserve

110 Lawrence Rd.

Harrington Community Park

325 S. Harrington Rd.

John Gilbert Nature Trail

2470 Frederica Rd.

Mallery Park & Kings Park

601 Mallery St.

Massengale Park

1350 Ocean Blvd.

Neptune Park

550 Beachview Dr.

Postell Park

532 Beachview Dr.

JEKYLL ISLAND
Clam Creek Picnic Area

Clam Creek Rd. N. Loop Trl.

Great Dunes Beach Park

N. Beachview Dr. & Shell Rd.

Oceanview Beach Park

551 N. Beachview Dr.

South Dunes Beach Park

210 S. Beachview Dr.

St. Andrews Beach Park

100 St. Andrews Dr.

BRUNSWICK
Altamaha Regional Park

1605 Altamaha Park Rd.

Baldwin Park/Brookman

100 Calvin Way Ln.

Ballard Park

30 Nimitz Dr.

Blythe Island Regional Park

6616 Blythe Island Hwy.

Earth Day Nature Trail

4 Conservation Way

Ellis Point Park

430 W. Shore Dr.

Howard Coffin Park

1402 Sonny Miller Way

Marshes of Glynn Overlook Park

1420 Glynn Ave.

Mary Ross Waterfront Park

10 F St.

North Glynn Park

622 Harry Driggers Blvd.

Selden Park

100 Genoa Martin Dr.

Sidney Lanier Park

1 Conservation Way

Veterans Memorial Park

502 J St.

Park Picks

T

hroughout the Golden Isles, visitors will find an
astonishing diversity of public-access parks. On St.
Simons Island, popular Neptune Park includes beach
access, a pier, and the splashy Fun Zone with 18-hole puttputt and a sprawling pool. Kings Park, just north of Pier
Village, has courts for pickleball, tennis, and basketball,
and a dog park shaded by mossy oaks. Steeped in history,
Gascoigne Bluff features a fishing pier and a six-hole discgolf course throughout a grove of live oaks. Frederica Park
is a sports haven highlighted by the Alice Richards Botanical
Trail. Harrington Community Park is rich with African
American history and native wildlife, while 600-acre
Cannon’s Point Preserve is dotted with middens dating
back to 2500 BC along with 19th-century plantation ruins.
A little farther south, Clam Creek Picnic Area on
Jekyll Island’s northern tip is a haven for anglers and
horseback riders. Secluded St. Andrew’s Picnic Area on
the flipside of Jekyll is a birder’s paradise with a memorial
to the Wanderer slave ship.
In Brunswick, downtown’s Mary Ross Waterfront
Park is popular for sunsets, while more active destinations
include Selden Park (which also has a new museum) and
Howard Coffin Park (for tennis and baseball, especially)
as well as North Glynn Park (150 acres with volleyball
and pickleball courts). For nature lovers, Marshes of
Glynn Overlook Park provides inspiring vantages on the
Golden Isles’ river networks and marshlands, while Blythe
Island Regional Park includes a campground, marina,
and freshwater lake for swimming and fishing.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 31

JEKYLL
HISTORIC
DISTRICT
BIKING TOUR

HISTORY

Discover the rich heritage of the area by following the
paths of those who came before you

32
32

GOLDEN ISLES • HISTORY

Stop 1: St. Simons Golden Isles Welcome Center
Start with a visit to the Gift Shop to pick up each of
the books in her St. Simons Trilogy: Lighthouse, New
Moon Rising, and The Beloved Invader. Despite the
decades that have unfolded since Price penned these
pages, her intoxicating descriptions of the following
spots feel timeless.

Novel Grounds
Five sites to experience writer Eugenia Price’s Golden Isles
Celebrated Southern author Eugenia Price dedicated much of her literary career
to capturing the sights, sounds, charm, and history of the Golden Isles. With her St.
Simons trilogy as our guide, we’ve compiled a can’t-miss list of local landmarks.

Stop 2

Stop 2: St. Simons Island Lighthouse Museum
Located along the south end of the island in Pier
Village, the iconic lighthouse is home to a museum
and gift shop located inside the old keepers’ dwelling.
Inside, you’ll find a bevy of rare photographs and
artifacts on display, as well as an exhibit that highlights
Lighthouse, the first installment in the trilogy. Climb
the 129 steps to the top for unparalleled views of the
island’s south end, nearby Jekyll Island, and Brunswick.
Stop 3: Christ Church, Frederica
Bordered by brilliant greenery and patterned in
stained glass, this quaint white chapel serves as a
window into the St. Simons story. The parish’s first
worship service dates to 1736, when English colonists
settled here. Christ Church makes many appearances
in each of Price’s novels. Given her reverence for the
setting, it’s only fitting that she was laid to rest in the
same cemetery as so many of her characters.

Stop 1

Stop 3

Stop 4: Cannon’s Point Preserve
From there, journey with character James Gould
from the lighthouse to Cannon’s Point on the north
end. Once a Native American homestead, the land was
purchased by John Couper in 1793 and turned into a
cotton plantation. You can visit the plantation’s ruins
by making a five-mile trek from the parking lot, where
a kiosk provides maps. Among the ruins, you’ll find
19th-century relics, such as fragments of the tabby
sourced from Fort Frederica.

Stop 4

Stop 5

Stop 5: Gascoigne Bluff
Afterward, end your adventure at one of the most serene spots on the island’s western side. Gascoigne began as a Native American community and later served
as a naval base, Franciscan monastery, slave plantation, and eventually, a hub for transporting lumber
and timber. It was also here that James Gould felled
oaks to construct warships for the Navy. Make your
way to the fishing pier to soak up a sunset. Peer across
the water to find three small islands that formed from
ballast discarded by 18th-century ships.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 33

Rooted in Tradition
Jennifaye Singleton’s Gullah Geechee art connects regions

Echoes of the Past
Five places to learn more
about Black history in the
Golden Isles
1. Hofwyl-Broadfield Plantation
Explore the historical grounds’
plantation-era home and outbuildings on a guided tour. Exhibits and a
historical film at the visitor center tell
the tale of this Brunswick site and
those who lived and worked here.
2. Neptune Park
Neptune Small was a slave who
risked his own life to retrieve the
body of his owner’s son from the
Civil War battlefield. The family was
so grateful for his bravery that they
awarded him with his own plot of
land, which is now home to this
oceanfront park on St. Simons.
3. Historical Harrington School
Cultural Center
Once a schoolhouse for African
American children living on St.
Simons Island, the building is now a
cultural center accurately
displaying the story of the area’s
Gullah-Geechee connections.

J

ennifaye Singleton was 7 years old the
summer she began learning the centuries-old craft of sweetgrass basket weaving
from her auntie—an art passed down
through generations of Gullah Geechee
women. From harvesting sweetgrass to
shaping each coil with intention, she realized over the years that the process is as
much about preserving culture, memory,
and legacy as it is about the craft.
Descendants of enslaved West Africans
brought to the coastal South, the Gullah
Geechee people have shaped the culture, language, and landscapes of Georgia and South
Carolina’s barrier islands for more than 300
years. With every creation, Singleton gained
insight into her family’s history and culture.
This authentic immersion into one of the
South’s most enduring legacies led her to a life

34

of celebrating and honoring these traditions.
Her mission is simple, but powerful: to
preserve and share the Gullah Geechee voice.
“I want people to understand—we are one
people,” she says. “Our art, our families, and
our culture all speak to that unity. And we
want to share our story.”
Based in Charleston, her introduction
to the Golden Isles came through a chance
encounter that led to her work being featured
at the Live Oak Shop in the Golden Isles Welcome Center. She immediately felt drawn to
the area’s shared Gullah Geechee roots.
As an artist, author, storyteller, teacher, and
owner of Geechee Gyal Baskets, she looks forward to exploring more of the Isles and weaving those stories into her artistry, bridging
the history of the Lowcountry and the Golden
Isles one basket and one story at a time.

4. Wanderer Memorial Trail
This Jekyll Island trail tells the story
of Umwalla, a young African boy
onboard slave ship the Wanderer.
Interactive exhibits illustrate
Umwalla’s journey from capture
through freedom.
5. Hamilton Plantation Cabins
Once part of a former cotton
plantation on St. Simons Island, these
two modest structures constructed of
original tabby served as living
quarters for enslaved laborers
working at Hamilton Plantation.

Harrington School Cultural Center

GOLDEN ISLES • HISTORY

Where History Lingers
Discover the rich heritage of the Golden Isles at these cultural and historical sites

A Journey Through Time
25,000 B.C.

The Golden Isles formed following the Pleistocene Ice Age.
Larger islands, such as St. Simons Island, are estimated
to be 35,000–40,000 years old; smaller islands, like Little
St. Simons Island, were formed from the larger islands and
are about 5,000–7,000 years old.

2500 B.C.
The Guale and Mocama
peoples made their way
to the coast and survived
in the area by fishing,
hunting, and gathering
oysters. Middens (large
areas of oyster shells) and
other refuse discarded by
Native Americans still exist
today and can be seen in
undeveloped areas on St.
Simons Island and Little
St. Simons Island.

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Arthur J. Moore Methodist Museum
Located on the gorgeous grounds of Epworth by the Sea, the museum
welcomes visitors to uncover the history of early Methodism in America
and its founders, John and Charles Wesley. Features of the museum
include a nativity room housing more than 200 international nativities, a
tour documentary played twice daily, and a “John Wesley on St. Simons”
lecture presented at 11 a.m. on Thursdays. A Christian bookstore and gift
shop is on site. Open Monday–Saturday; admission is free. 100 Arthur J.
Moore Drive, 912.638.4050
Avenue of the Oaks
On the southern tip of St. Simons Island, you’ll find a magnificent double
row of live oak trees that were planted in 1826 at the entrance of one of the
most prosperous cotton plantations, Retreat Plantation. Follow the drive
around the beautiful centuries-old oaks to enjoy the stunning scenery and
take a step back in time. Access beyond the gate is for guests of Sea Island
only. Entrance to the Sea Island Golf Club
Bloody Marsh Battle Site
Halting a planned attack on Fort Frederica, an outnumbered force of
British troops ambushed and defeated Spanish troops on July 7, 1742. The
battle is explained by markers and information panels at this outdoor
observation site that ended Spain’s claim to the Georgia territory. Open
daily from 8:30 a.m.–4 p.m. Old Demere Road
Cannon’s Point Preserve
This 608-acre tract of greenspace open for public exploration features
miles of trails and waterways, wild native species, beautiful maritime forest, and biologically rich ecosystems. Find original tabby plantation ruins
dating back to the 19th century along with ruins of outbuildings and other
historic structures. Open to the public Saturday, Sunday, and Monday
from 9 a.m.–3 p.m. Closed for maintenance August and September. 560
Cannons Point Road, 912.638.9109
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 35

Christ Church, Frederica
Nestled among a serene setting of live oaks, holly, and cedar trees is Christ
Church, built in 1884 after the original structure was destroyed during
the Civil War. The grounds also contain a cemetery with graves of early
settlers and famous Georgians. This landmark is open for tours Tuesday
through Sunday from 2–5 p.m. and still holds weekly services. 6329 Frederica Road, 912.638.8683

1566-1685
Spanish missions were
established along
the coast, including
a prominent mission
formed at Fort King
George in present-day
Darien, about 10 miles
north of Brunswick. This
mission, called Santo
Domingo Talejo, later
moved to the northern
end of St. Simons Island
and was renamed Asao.

Fort Frederica
In 1736, Fort Frederica was built to protect General James Oglethorpe’s
new Georgia colony from the Spanish in Florida. The fort now stands
as a national monument, welcoming visitors year round to its grounds
and visitor center, which features exhibits and a short film. Kids can also
complete an on-site Junior Ranger adventure and receive a badge and
certificate. 6515 Frederica Road, 912.638.3639
Gascoigne Bluff
Once serving as the location of a cotton plantation, a lumber mill, and a
shipping point for timber, Gascoigne Bluff is now the location of a public
park and the Hamilton Plantation tabby slave cabins. The two structures
have been carefully restored and received their placement on the National
Register of Historic Places in 1988. Tour the cabins on Wednesdays from
10 a.m.–12 p.m. 100 Arthur J. Moore Drive, 912.279.2836

1709-1861
During this period, most of
the Golden Isles was divided into plantations, farms
that produced a single
market crop with the use of
enslaved labor. St. Simons’
main crop was Sea Island
cotton, while plantations
along the Altamaha
River primarily grew rice.
Hofwyl-Broadfield, one of
the few intact plantation
properties, is open to the
public for tours.

1736
Fort Frederica and the town of Frederica were established
by British Gen. James Oglethorpe on the west side of St.
Simons Island. A second fortification, Fort St. Simons, was
built a few years later near the present-day lighthouse
and pier area.

Christ Church, Frederica
36

GOLDEN ISLES • HISTORY

1742

The troops at Fort Frederica sprang into action in July 1742
for the Battle of Bloody Marsh. With the help of Scottish
Highlanders from Darien, Oglethorpe’s men successfully
repelled Spanish forces from St. Augustine, Florida. The
attack marked the last major Spanish offensive into Georgia.

World War II Home Front Museum

1754
Following the
military successes
on St. Simons Island,
England signed a
peace treaty with
Spain. British troops
were withdrawn
from Fort Frederica.
A fire in 1758 badly
damaged the town
of Frederica, and it
eventually became
a lost town.

COA S TA L G E O R G I A H I S TO R I C A L S O C I E T Y

1810
The first St. Simons
Lighthouse was completed.
Built by James Gould, the
original lighthouse stood
75 feet tall, and its base
was made of tabby, part
of which probably came
from the ruins at Frederica.
This lighthouse was later
destroyed by Confederate
troops during the Civil War
to prevent Union forces from
using it to navigate the
coast. The current lighthouse was built in 1872 and
still serves as an active aid to navigation.

Historical Harrington School Cultural Center
Built in the 1920s as the main educational structure for African American
communities on St. Simons Island, the Harrington School is an important
piece of the island’s Gullah Geechee heritage. The school was restored in 2017
and is now open for tours Tuesday through Friday from 10 a.m.–2 p.m. To
schedule your tour, contact the St. Simons African American Heritage Coalition. 291 South Harrington Road, 912.634.0330
Lovely Lane Chapel
Formerly named St. James Union Chapel, this church is the oldest standing
church building on St. Simons Island. The church was built by Norman W.
Dodge in 1880 to serve the workers at the Gascoigne Bluff lumber mills and
still holds services to this day. 1190 Arthur J. Moore Drive, 912.638.8688
St. Simons Lighthouse Museum
Originally the home of lighthouse keepers until 1950, the Keeper’s Dwelling
was built in 1872 alongside the new lighthouse and now serves as the Lighthouse Museum. Visit for interactive exhibits and rare artifacts that offer a
glimpse into the lives of the dwelling’s past residents. While you’re there,
climb all 129 steps to the top of the lighthouse for incredible island views. 610
Beachview Drive, 912.638.4666
World War II Home Front Museum
The Home Front Museum tells the story of an important chapter in Georgia
history, bringing to life coastal Georgia’s contributions during World War II.
Learn about blimps on anti-submarine patrol, radar training that directed
fighter pilots, liberty ships that supplied troops overseas, and much more
through immersive exhibits and interactive experiences. 4201 1st Street,
912.634.7098
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 37

1820

Historic District

Chartered in 1808, Christ
Church was built near
the site of Fort Frederica.
The church was badly
damaged during the Civil
War, but Anson Dodge
Jr. rebuilt it in 1884 as a
memorial to his first wife,
who died in India on their
honeymoon.

JEKYLL ISLAND

Faith Chapel
This chapel was built in 1904 as a nondenominational chapel for members
of the Jekyll Island Club. Its design is simple, with gargoyles below the
steeple, dark wood shingling, and stained-glass windows—one being a
100-year-old signed example of Louis Comfort Tiffany’s work. Tours are
available daily. 375 Riverview Drive, 912.635.4036
Historic District
Jekyll Island’s National Historic Landmark District was once the grounds
for the world’s most exclusive club in the early 1900s, known today as the
Jekyll Island Club Resort. Its 250 acres boast 34 historic structures and
hold an important piece of American history. Riverview Drive
Horton House
Constructed in 1743 by Major William Horton, the Horton House stands
as one of the oldest tabby buildings in Georgia. Winner of an Excellence
in Preservation Award from the Georgia Trust for Historic Preservation,
the site is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 1145
Riverview Drive
Mosaic, Jekyll Island Museum
Discover the rich cultural and natural history of Jekyll Island through
interactive exhibits, educational tours, and seasonal programming. Here
you can uncover stories of the island’s past, from Native Americans and
English colonists to French privateers and members of the Jekyll Island
Club. 100 Stable Road, 912.635.4036
38

1831
Neptune Small was
born into slavery at
Retreat Plantation on
St. Simons Island. As
a free man, he built
a home in the South
End neighborhood
near present-day
Neptune Park.

1858
The Wanderer, one of the last ships to smuggle enslaved
people from West Africa to America, landed on Jekyll Island.
Built as a high-speed sailing vessel, the Wanderer was
converted into a slave ship meant to bypass the federal
Slave Importation Act of 1807, which banned the importation
of enslaved peoples. The ship arrived on Jekyll with 409 Africans who were then sold into slavery in Savannah, Augusta,
and neighboring states. Although the ship owners’ activities
were widely known and a prosecutorial case was made,
federal courts returned a not-guilty verdict.

1859
First African Baptist Church
was organized at Pikes Bluff
Plantation on St. Simons
Island. It was often illegal for
enslaved people to gather
during the antebellum period.
However, enslaved people
on St. Simons Island formed
the church and would travel
from around the island for
Sunday worship. The current
building (5800 Frederica
Road) was constructed in
1869 by the African American
congregation.

GOLDEN ISLES • HISTORY

BRUNSWICK

1886
The elite Jekyll Island
Club was established
after the island
was purchased for
$125,000. The Club was
complete by 1887 and
opened its doors to the
Pulitzers, Rockefellers,
Goodyears, Morgans,
and the like. The
rich and famous enjoyed Jekyll Island each year from
Christmas to Easter until the start of World War II. The
state purchased the island in 1947.

1924
F.J. Torras Causeway
was built, connecting
St. Simons Island to
mainland Glynn County.
The series of bridges was
designed by Brunswick
native Fernando Joseph
Torras, who also served as
Brunswick’s city manager
for more than 30 years.

1928
The Cloister at Sea Island
opened. Howard Coffin
purchased the island in
1926 and hired renowned
architect Addison Mizner
to design the original
Cloister Hotel. The
Plantation Course at Sea
Island Golf Club opened in
summer 1927.

COA S TA L G E O R G I A H I S TO R I C A L S O C I E T Y

1943-1945
The Golden Isles bustled
with activity during World
War II. Brunswick was home
to the J.A. Jones Shipyard,
which built 99 Liberty cargo
ships in three years. Also in
Brunswick, Naval Air Station
Glynco was one of only five
bases on the East Coast for the U.S. Navy’s K-class
blimps. The former base is now the site of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center. On St. Simons
Island, the King & Prince Hotel and McKinnon Airport
turned into NAS St. Simons, a base for fighter pilot
training and advanced radar operator training.

Hofwyl-Broadfield Plantation
This beautiful plantation represents the history of Georgia’s rice coast.
William Brailsford carved a rice plantation from marshes along the Altamaha
River in the early 1800s, and in 1973, the last heir left the plantation and antebellum home to the state of Georgia. Open Tuesday through Sunday, 9 a.m.–5
p.m. 5556 U.S. Highway 17 North, 912.264.7333
Lover’s Oak
This enormous oak tree is estimated to be 900 years old. The trunk measures
about 13 feet in diameter and it branches into 10 limbs, each about 12 to 30
inches in diameter. The oak is rumored to have once been a romantic meeting
place for Native American braves and maidens, hence its name. Albany and
Prince Streets
Mary Ross Waterfront Park
Soak up incredible sunset views across the marshes and check out a scale
model of a liberty ship similar to those built during World War II. The park
also features a stage pavilion and is a popular spot for public performances and
outdoor markets. Bay Street at Gloucester Street, 912.265.6665
Old City Hall
Open to the public, this historic building serves as a part-time city courthouse
and an event venue. Originally built in 1889 and fully restored in 2004, the
structure follows Richardsonian Romanesque architecture. 1229 Newcastle
Street, 912.265.4032
The Ritz Theatre
The Ritz Theatre was originally built in 1899 and has been fully restored as
a theater and arts center seating 440 patrons. Enjoy year-round live performances, films, educational programs, and exhibits. Current films and exhibits
can be found online. 1530 Newcastle Street, 912.262.6934
Signature Squares
Signature Squares of Brunswick was founded in 2005 as a nonprofit preservation organization to reclaim and beautify the original colonial parks and
squares in the Old Town district of the city. Each of Brunswick’s 14 original
squares has a unique story to tell. Newcastle Street, Historic Downtown

Hofwyl-Broadfield
Plantation

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 39

ACTIVITIES &
ATTRACTIONS
Experience the wide variety of fun that the Golden Isles has to offer,
from its thriving creative scene to engaging events

40
32
4

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

Ride
the Tide
Water sports gain momentum
on Georgia’s coast

W

ater sports in the Golden Isles are
making waves as one of the region’s
most exciting and fast-growing outdoor activities, offering an exciting way to connect
with the natural beauty and laid-back spirit
of coastal Georgia. Local outfitters provide
guided tours, rentals, and lessons, creating
an easy path to diving into the experience.
With its calm marshes, tidal creeks, and
wide-open stretches of the Atlantic shoreline paired with a year-round moderate
climate, Georgia’s coast offers the perfect
setting for a growing board sports scene.
Where Serenity Meets Surf
Skimboarding, paddleboarding, and surfing
in Georgia’s golden paradise have become
signature experiences and favorite coastal
pastimes, drawing both locals and visitors to
the region’s sun-soaked shores. East Beach
on St. Simons Island is a popular surf spot,
especially for beginners and longboarders,

thanks to its gentle waves and wide
shoreline. Adventurers of all skill levels can
explore the waterways, spot dolphins, and
catch waves. Skimboarders find the smooth,
packed sand ideal for gliding at low tide,
often turning the beach into a sparkling
playground for flips and tricks—especially
popular among younger beachgoers.
For a more peaceful ride, kayak or
paddleboard to enjoy the calm waters of
the marshes, rivers, and tidal creeks, where
it’s easy to spot migratory birds, dolphins,
and vibrant sunsets. Whether navigating
the tranquil tidal creeks of Jekyll Island,
drifting along the Intracoastal Waterway,
or paddling through Brunswick’s Golden
marshes, stand-up paddleboarding offers
breathtaking views, frequent wildlife
sightings, and a sense of serenity that
defines coastal lifestyle. From serene to
adrenaline-filled, unforgettable moments
are made in this stunning natural setting.

“The Golden Isles is a
place that I feel only
gets better with time.
It’s like nourishing a
relationship. The more
you water it, the more it
grows and begins to
flourish beautifully over
time, and I’m proud to
call it my home.”
—Jason Latham

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 41

Exploring
with Ease
Get the most out of your
visit with these guided
adventures and tours of
Georgia’s coast
High Tide Aviation offers
spectacular bird’s-eye views of
stunning landscapes on their
airplane tours. Choose from
several custom tours, each
showcasing unique scenery,
historic landmarks, and wildlife.

Paddling With Purpose
Many residents of the Golden Isles embrace the
opportunity to surf, skim, and paddleboard on
Georgia’s coast as both a hobby and a familyfriendly activity. Cristi Kavanaugh, local surfer
and owner of KavPar Boardsports, a surf shop
also offering board sport lessons, joined the
surf community with her husband and kids a
few years back. She says what makes this sport
so unique and worth it is the special, familylike community of those who live their lives
by the tides. “My favorite part of surfing is the
complete disconnect,” said Cristi. “You leave
everything on land and spend the next hour or
so in your happy place—a place that makes you
smile on the inside and outside.” Enthusiasts
say there’s much more to the activity than just
the sport itself. It’s also the feeling one gets out
on the water, and the peace and quiet offered by
Georgia’s natural ecosystems.
Award-winning local surf instructor Jason
Latham, who grew up in a surfing community
farther south, shares a similar love of Georgia’s
coast and the mental and physical benefits of
spending time on the water. “Whether I’m riding
boards on the waves, out on a paddle tour, fishing,
or just hanging by the beach, I always walk away
feeling like a better person with clearer thoughts,
positive energy, and more fulfillment in my
soul,” he claims. The Golden Isles has such a
strong and growing community of water lovers
42

who are passionate about understanding tides
and conditions, which plays a crucial role in
finding waves and enjoyment on the water. This
close-knit group helps locals and visitors get the
best experience on the water, with easy access
to outfitters, instructors, and guides. Jason says
the best part is sharing his love for the water
with others. “There is nothing like a person’s
face lighting up from their first glide on water!
Watching someone ride a wave for their first time
is as good and sometimes even more enjoyable
than doing it myself.”
The board sports community also continues to
flourish through annual events like the Womp-Off
skimboarding competition. Each year, Georgia’s
coast comes alive during a weekend in May for a
tradition that brings together locals and visitors
for a fun and spirited contest. Held on the sandy
shores of East Beach, participants of all ages are
cheered on by beachgoers as they skimboard
for the first-place title. The event wraps with an
awards ceremony and a celebratory after-party
open to all attendees. In addition, the F.L.O.W. SSI
(For Love of Water) charity paddle is an annual
day of fun, community, and giving back to the
Golden Isles as participants paddle five miles
to raise funds for swim lessons and water safety
programs. These lighthearted, nonprofit events
honor the coastal community and the joy of island
life as well as the spirit of St. Simons Island and
the love locals and visitors have for its beaches.

Little St. Simons Island offers
guided day trips led by
experienced naturalists covering
11,000 acres of pristine
landscapes and natural wonders.
Bonus: The trip includes a hearty
lunch of Lowcountry specialties
and an afternoon on seven miles
of private beaches.
On the Fly Outfitters makes it
easy to hit the Golden Isles
waters. Spend the day on a
guided fly fishing charter and fish
for red drum (redfish), tripletail,
sheepshead, speckled trout, and
even tarpon when they migrate
up the coast.
Stables at Frederica offers new
perspectives of the coast on
horseback-riding tours. Join a
beach ride for an unforgettable
way to relish the beauty and
ambience of Sea Island, or ride
through the barrier island
marshland to spot natural
wonders and wildlife. You can
even embark on a wooded ride
through the island’s breathtaking
maritime forests.
Jekyll Island Boat Tours lets you
take a deeper dive into the
behaviors of aquatic life on a
90-minue dolphin tour. Guests
depart from the Jekyll Wharf and
go through the scenic waterways
of the island to observe
incredible bottlenose dolphins in
their natural habitat as they play,
feed, and cruise around.

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

Woodland
Watchers

Creative Currents
The Golden Isles offers a wealth
of cultural activities to feed your
soul, from concerts to art exhibits
to theatrical productions

Seek out the spectacular tree
carvings on St. Simons Island

High Notes
Weekly live music performances
goldenisles.com/events/live-music

T

here’s more than meets the eye when
it comes to the moss-covered oak trees
of St. Simons Island. If you look closely, an
intricately carved face might stare right back.
These weathered figures are the Tree Spirits
of St. Simons Island, and their stories are as
varied as the island’s visitors.
Legend has it these images immortalize
sailors who lost their lives at sea. But ask any
locals and they’ll be quick to correct that
each carefully carved face reveals a tree’s
soul. The beloved Tree Spirits began making
their mark in the 1980s. Commissioned
carvings are done in accordance with local
arborists, and each unique face takes two to
four days to complete. The result: one of the
most beloved family-friendly activities on St.
Simons Island, a hunt that can be done by car,
on foot, or by bike.

Coastal Symphony of Georgia
coastalsymphonyofgeorgia.org
Little Light Music
Coastal Georgia Historical Society’s
summer concert series at St. Simons
Lighthouse. coastalgeorgiahistory.org

More than two dozen Tree Spirits are
scattered throughout the island, but most are
on private property. Of the 11 (and counting)
on public land, many are hiding in plain sight,
peering out from a tree trunk; others take a
bit more sleuthing, like those notched from
the stub of a long-vanished branch. Visit the
Golden Isles Welcome Center to pick up a Tree
Spirit map and start hunting.

Creative Attractions
CLASSES & MORE
Anderson Fine Art Gallery’s Workshop Studio

912.634.8414

St. Simons Island

andersonfineartgallery.com

Glynn Visual Arts

912.638.8700

St. Simons Island

glynnvisualarts.org

Coastal Symphony of Georgia

912.634.2006

Brunswick

coastalsymphonyofgeorgia.org

Golden Isles Youth Orchestra

912.634.3453

Brunswick

goldenislesyouthorchestra.org

Historic Ritz Theatre

912.262.6934

Brunswick

goldenislesarts.org

The Island Players

912.638.0338

St. Simons Island

theislandplayers.com

Brunswick Music District
Square dancing takes on a new
meaning with this series of live
concerts held most Friday and
Saturday evenings in Brunswick’s
downtown squares.
Outdoor Concerts in Neptune Park
Enjoy the sounds of summer with some
(Nep)tunes, courtesy of Golden Isles
Arts & Humanities. goldenislesarts.org
Taps at Twilight
Honor those who have fallen in service
of our country, those who have served
and returned, and those serving today
at this annual program held by the St.
Simons Rotary Club each Memorial
Day. ssirotary.org

Highlights

PERFORMING ARTS

ART GALLERIES
Anderson Fine Art Gallery

912.634.8414

St. Simons Island

andersonfineartgallery.com

ArtTrends Gallery

912.268.4761

St. Simons Island

arttrends.gallery

Glynn Visual Arts

912.638.8770

St. Simons Island

glynnvisualarts.org

Arthur J. Moore Methodist Museum

912.638.4050

St. Simons Island

epworthbythesea.org/
yourexperiences

Historical Harrington School

912.634.0330

St. Simons Island

ssiheritagecoalition.org

Mosaic, Jekyll Island Museum

912.635.4036

Jekyll Island

jekyllisland.com

St. Simons Island Lighthouse Museum

912.638.4666

St. Simons Island

coastalgeorgiahistory.org

World War II Home Front Museum

912.634.7098

St. Simons Island

coastalgeorgiahistory.org

MUSEUMS

Glynn Visual Arts
glynnvisualarts.org
Jekyll Artists Association
jekyllartists.com

House Lights
The Island Players
theislandplayers.com
Brunswick’s Historic Ritz Theatre/
Golden Isles Arts & Humanities
goldenislesarts.com
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 43

Jekyll Island Shrimp & Grits Festival

Sea You There!
The Golden Isles keeps the fun going all year
round. Join in the festivities at the following
favorite events.
Spring
House Party
Benefiting women and
children in need, the Christ
Church Frederica Annual
Tour of Homes in March
highlights the architecture,
decor, and hospitality of
beautiful island homes.

Independence Day

Try Your Luck
Silver Bluff Brewing Company’s annual St. Patrick’s
Day 5K & Beer Mile takes
place in Brunswick’s historic
Downtown each March. This
fun celebration is filled with
plenty of beer, laughter, and
joy, and of course, food and
live music.
Coast with the Most
In March, the Georgia
Department of Natural
Resources hosts CoastFest
in Brunswick, featuring
touch tanks, history demos,
science experiments, and
more.
All Shook Up
Turns out Elvis has not left
the building. Discover who
will be crowned King of Kings
at the Georgia Tribute Festival, honoring the one and
only Elvis Presley in April.
Shell Game
Tortoise or hare, it’s your
participation that matters
in the 5K, 10K, and 1-mile
races of Jekyll Island’s Turtle
Crawl in April benefiting the
Georgia Sea Turtle Center.

St. Simons Land Trust
Oyster Roast

44

Flower Power
Tour six gorgeous private
gardens at the annual Tab-

by and Tillandsia Garden
Walk in April on St. Simons
Island.
Bless the Mess
Of shrimp‚ that is—or rather,
the shrimp boats decorated
for Brunswick’s Portuguese
tradition, the Blessing of
the Fleet, that takes place
in May.
Splash into Summer
The legendary Womp Off
skimboarding event is a day
on St. Simons’ Coast Guard
Beach where skim boarders
of all ages hit the waves and
compete to find an overall
champion. The competition
is followed by an awards
ceremony with live music.

Summer
Foodie Fun
Enjoy both authentic and
modern takes on Gullah
cuisine at Taste of Gullah in
June on St. Simons Island,
where gorgeous live oaks
provide the perfect backdrop
for live music and tasty bites.
Of Thee We Sing
Cheer for the red, white, and
blue as fireworks fill the sky
at Independence Day celebrations on St. Simons Island,
Sea Island, Jekyll Island, and
Brunswick.

Fall
Stein-Mart
Wash down some brats
with a German-style frosty
in the beer garden of Silver
Bluff Brewing Co. during

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

Brunswick’s Oktoberfest,
occurring in September.
Lights, Camera, Action!
Celebrate Independent
filmmaking and engage
with a community passionate about the art of
storytelling at the Golden Isles Film Festival,
where filmmakers share
their work each October
in Downtown Brunswick.
Toast to the Arts
Art and wine enthusiasts
will love October’s St.
Simons Island Wine
Festival, a weekend
gathering of art and
wine enthusiasts. Enjoy
a wine tasting, live
entertainment, and
auction at The King and
Prince to fundraise for
the arts.
’Cue for You
At Firebox, local
pitmasters, chefs, and
farmers serve heaping
helpings of roasted
pig and seafood, while
brewers and distillers
offer quaffs that quench
at this fall event. Ticket
sales benefit Southern
Soul Barbecue’s Firebox
Initiative, which helps
restaurant workers in
need.
Love Fest
Davis Love III hosts Sea
Island’s RSM Classic,
a highlight of the PGA
Tour in which top names
on the pro circuit drive,
chip, and putt on one
of the most revered
courses in the Southeast
each November.
Stoops and Groups
At PorchFest in November, local musical
groups perform gratis
on the front porches of
Brunswick’s Old Town

Historic District bound by
First Street, Bay Street,
New Bay Street, H Street,
and Cochran Street.
Crustacean Nation
Cook-offs, boat tours,
craft beer, and kids’
activities honor the noble
prawn at the Jekyll Island
Shrimp & Grits Festival.
Thrill of the Chill
Take a Cold-Stunned
Plunge into the chilly
Atlantic in support of sea
turtles during this fun,
after-Thanksgiving beach
fundraiser for the Georgia
Sea Turtle Center.

Winter
Merry and Bright
Get your nostalgia on
with a parade, fireworks, a
winter carnival, and light
displays at the enchanting Holly Jolly Jekyll from
November to January.
Festive Flotilla
Is that Santa at the helm
commanding a crew of
elves? See for yourself at
the Brunswick Christmas
Parade in December, held
at Howard Coffin Park
along Gloucester Street.

should you be lucky
enough to find one.
Oyster Roast
Mollusk memories are
yours—along with a
Lowcountry boil and
chefs’ signature dishes
and desserts at St.
Simons Land Trust
Oyster Roast, a January
event supporting the
organization’s mission
to preserve the scenic
character of the area.
Happy Stew Year!
Who will win the
People’s Choice and
Judges’ Award for their
take on Brunswick stew?
Find out at Brunswick
Rockin’ Stewbilee,
where motorcycle rides,
canines on parade,
and live music ramp up
the fun quotient every
February.
Fun Run
Taking place each
February, the
Southeast Georgia
Health System Bridge
Run is considered
“the toughest 5K in
Georgia,” but the
views from Brunswick’s
Sidney Lanier Bridge
are worth it.

Holiday Cheer
The Hofwyl-Broadfield
Christmas Tour invites
visitors to step back in time
and experience the holidays 1850s style. Take a tour
of the beautifully decorated
plantation home, and
watch reenactors demonstrate life back in the day.

Laugh Riot
Listen up as four
nationally renowned
raconteurs spin comical
yarns and tall tales at
the St. Simons Island
Storytelling Festival,
taking place at Epworth
by the Sea in February.

Treasure Pleasure
Jekyll Island’s annual
scavenger hunt, Island
Treasures, takes place
January through February
and conceals facsimiles of
handcrafted glass globes
that are yours to keep—

Scan for
more events
and festivals

RSM Classic

CoastFest

Holly Jolly Jekyll

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 45

Fetching Fun
Pet-friendly eateries, accommodations, and outdoor adventures abound in the Golden Isles.
Here’s how to plan the perfect trip that includes your furry friend.
Hotel Simone on St. Simons Island pawsitively perfect. You’ll also find hotels that
accommodate pets in Brunswick; Home2
Suites by Hilton is located right by the
airport and will welcome your dog with open
arms. For even more flexibility (and maybe
even a yard!), rent a pet-friendly pad on St.
Simons Island through Lilmar Properties.

When to Visit
The Golden Isles is a year-round destination,
but it’s especially great for pups in the fall
and winter. Daytime temperatures cool
down into the 60s in December, January,
and February, making it the perfect time for
dog-friendly fun. Plus, from Labor Day to
Memorial Day, dogs may be on the beaches at
all times with no restrictions as long as they
are under the owner’s immediate control.
Where to Eat
Settle in under the shaded patio with your
dog by your side and a refreshing margarita
in your hand at La Plancha, or pair your
burger and chilled beverage with a dog bowl
46

at Brogen’s South on St. Simons Island.
Tortuga Jack’s on Jekyll Island serves up
tasty Baja Mexican cuisine by the ocean and
welcomes pups to its patio. Fresh seafood
and beautiful marsh views await at the Wharf
on Jekyll, where dogs enjoy the shaded
outdoor deck.
Where to Stay
Bring your pal to the Holiday Inn Resort
on Jekyll Island for reduced pet fees and
a welcome gift for your four-legged family
member. At the Westin Jekyll Island, a
Heavenly Dog Bed and pet amenity kit add a
touch of creature comforts, while a custom
wag bag makes your furry friend’s stay at

Where to Play
Your pet is sure to enjoy Frederica Dog Park,
where there is plenty of room for your furry
friend to run free and play with other visiting
pups. Located at Frederica Park, the Alice
Richards Botanical Trail is replete with a
children’s area, gazebo, and—squirrel alert!—
wooded paths perfect for a walk. Make a stop
at Wesley Gardens to discover two acres
of land filled with native plants and over
4,000 azaleas. Other St. Simons Island dog
parks include Epworth Dog Park and Kings
Park. For even more dog-park fun, venture
into Brunswick and make a stop (and some
friends) at Howard Coffin Dog Park.

KY L E M O R G A N

Where to Splash
There’s nothing like a beach day with your
dog, and the Golden Isles has plenty of
pet-friendly beaches from which to choose.
While you’re on Jekyll Island, grab a leash
(must stay on dog at all times) and take your
dog to one of its scenic strands; Driftwood
Beach, Great Dunes, St. Andrews, and
Oceanview Beach Park are all great options.
East Beach and Massengale Park on St.
Simons Island welcome dogs as well. Please
keep in mind that animals are prohibited on
these beaches from Memorial Day through
Labor Day between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before
and after that, dogs may be unleashed but
must be under the owner’s immediate
control.

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

JEKYLL ISLAND

Mosaic, Jekyll
Island Museum
Beyond Jekyll Island’s sun-soaked
beaches lies a rich tapestry of
history waiting to be explored. At
Mosaic, Jekyll Island Museum, relics
of the past rest alongside immersive
exhibits that bring the island’s
diverse cultural and natural history
to life. Visitors can journey from the
earliest Native American settlements
to Jekyll’s modern-day role as a
cherished state park, all within the
gallery’s interactive displays. The
story continues aboard open-air
trolley tours through the National
Historic Landmark District, where
the grandeur of the Rockefellers,
Vanderbilts, and Pulitzers still lingers.
Seasonally, visitors can enjoy the
Holly Jolly season aboard Jekyll’s
jolliest trolley, carrying guests
through nearly two million holiday
lights set to the sounds of festive
music. jekyllisland.com/museum

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Welcome Center
Gallery & Gift Shop
Visitors are invited to take a piece of the Golden Isles
home with them. The Gallery and Gift Shop, located
inside the Golden Isles Welcome Center on St.
Simons Island, is the place to find local art, apparel,
books, toys, and gifts with a coastal Georgia flair.
Featuring items from local artisans, Southern brands,
and a variety of RSM merchandise, everyone is sure
to find a treasure from the Golden Isles. 912.638.9014
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 47

The Golden Isles offers first-rate
golf courses with stunning
backdrops

T

he Golden Isles is home to many incredible
courses with top-notch features and
remarkable views.
Blending lush landscapes with challenging
courses, the coastal region offers a memorable
golf experience with various pristine courses
that show off the natural beauty and unmatched ecosystems of Georgia’s coast. One in
particular is enduring several notable changes.
Paying tribute to the legendary golf course
architect Walter Travis, the Great Dunes
Golf Course on Jekyll Island is undergoing
a multi-million-dollar restoration to blend
the timeless charm of the gilded age with a
contemporary golf design. The revitalized,
18-hole course combines the original nine-hole
Walter Travis layout with the former Dick

the hum of pre-round chatter. You’ll also catch
the distant horn of a cargo ship and the gentle
bell of a sea buoy, blending the sport with the
serene coastal environment.
First-time visitors won’t want to miss the
unforgettable experience of Sea Island’s three
exceptional courses. The Seaside Course,
Sea Island’s most famous and historic layout,
was originally crafted in 1929 by renowned
architects Harry S. Colt and Charles Alison.
In 1999, celebrated links architect Tom Fazio
reimagined the course, masterfully combining
nine holes from the original Seaside layout
with nine from the old Marshside course. The
result is a championship-level course that PGA
Tour players praise, and home to the RSM
Classic since its beginning in 2010. Adding to
the tournament’s challenge, the Plantation
Course joined the RSM Classic in 2015. Designed by Davis Love III and his brother Mark,
the course honors Walter Travis’s original
nine-hole design, featuring signature elements
like the “Principal’s Nose” bunker inspired by
St. Andrews and the famously tricky “chocolate
drops” grass mounds. For golfers seeking
a more relaxed round, the Retreat Course,
another Love brothers redesign, offers a welcoming and playable escape, making Sea Island
a true haven for players of all skill levels.

RSM Classic
48

E L I OT VA N OT T E R E N

Flawless
Fairways

Wilson–designed Oleander Course, creating a
new and charming experience for players. Designed by Brian Ross of Ross Golf Design and
Jeffrey Stein of Stein Golf Design, the course
provides golfers with a unique journey through
sweeping dunes, along the ocean’s edge, and
back. Set within a vast, natural landscape and
bordered by a conservation-focused maritime
forest, this renovated course set to open fall of
2025 will bring a distinct golf experience to the
Golden Isles.
Golf is also plentiful on St. Simons Island,
one of the most popular courses being the 18hole course owned and operated by The King
and Prince Beach & Golf Resort, which is also
a fan-favorite place to stay on the island. The
course features four signature holes, carved
from small coastal marsh islands and accessed
by elevated cart bridges. The property also offers a clubhouse, as well as a pro shop, practice
facility, and golf lessons.
Especially catching the attention of golf
enthusiasts are the luxury courses at Sea Island
Resort, offering world-class play set against
breathtaking natural beauty. At the heart of
this golfing paradise is the Sea Island Golf
Performance Center, where standing on the
driving range reveals the familiar sounds of the
game—the steady clatter of balls mixed with

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

Seaside Golf Course St. Simons

Post-Round Pours
When the sun sets on the green,
keep the good times rolling at
one of the Golden Isles’ lively
restaurants or watering holes
With its poolside patio and
modern bar, Sago at Sea Palms
hosts a daily happy hour with great
specials, plus live music on Fridays.

Golden Isles,
Pro Style
Some of the biggest names in professional
golf call the Golden Isles home

L

ong known for its naturally beautiful beaches,
historic homes, and coastal cuisine, the Golden
Isles is also home to some of the nation’s top golf
courses—and its players. No fewer than 15 current
PGA Tour members have settled down in the Isles.
One of them, Brian Harman, brought the Claret Jug
home to Sea Island in July 2023 after winning the
British Open. Harman was also a member of the
2023 Ryder Cup team, which was captained by his
neighbors Zach Johnson and Davis Love III.
When Davis Love III and his brother, Mark,
were teens, their golf pro father moved the family
from Atlanta to the Golden Isles to teach golf at Sea
Island. “He knew what a great place it would be to
raise a family of golfers, and Mark and I were also
thrilled about the beach and fishing,” says Love.
“Mark and I have raised our families on St. Simons
Island and now are watching our kids do the same.”
Other golfers followed suit. Former University of
Georgia golfer Keith Mitchell finds the Golden Isles
an amazing place to live and Sea Island the perfect
place to train. “The Avenue of the Oaks is one of the
prettiest drives on the island—not a bad entryway
into our office at Sea Island Golf Club,” he says.

Fellow UGA alum Davis Thompson also moved
to the area, where his father is tournament director
of the annual RSM Classic PGA Tour event. “This
is a great place for golfers to live and train,” says
Thompson. “Here we have access to Sea Island’s
excellent facilities, including Sea Island’s state-ofthe-art Golf Performance Center.”
At Sea Island, Jonathan Byrd finds himself surrounded by a talented team who works with him on
each aspect of his game. “I can’t say enough about
how Craig Allan (club fitting), Tom Hemmings (fitness), Justin Parsons (swing coach), and Dr. Morris
Pickens (sports psychology) have positively impacted my game,” says Byrd. He adds that living in the
Golden Isles offers more than just a golf haven. “It’s a
wonderful place for Amanda and me to raise our son
and daughters in a close-knit, caring community.”
Keith Mitchell also appreciates the many things
that make the Golden Isles special. “There are so
many great local restaurants, and I love fishing
here,” he says. “Being out on the flats fly fishing
for redfish is truly one of the most fun activities
you can do here in the Golden Isles. It’s one of the
prettiest places in the world.”

For craft cocktails and Asianinspired cuisine featuring fresh
seafood, settle in at Dorothy’s
Cocktail + Oyster Bar to sip
on a Dorothy’s Paper Plane or
Dorothy’s Sazerac.
After playing some of the
country’s top courses, relax with
tapas and a spicy pineapple
jalapeño margarita at The Nest,
a cozy neighborhood hangout
on Ocean Boulevard.
In historic Brunswick, Silver Bluff
Brewing Co.’s beer garden is
modeled after traditional Bavarian
spaces. Pair a pint of Golden Isles
IPA with a bite from the rotating
food trucks.
For guests at Sea Island, the
private Oak Room Bar in The
Lodge is the ideal spot for a
single-malt scotch.
Lovers of local brews will enjoy
Beach House Restaurant & Taproom
on Jekyll Island. From porters to
ciders, find a variety of regional
craft beers on 24 tap handles.
Looking for good food, a big wine
selection, and a great patio?
Swing by Golden Isle Olive Oil
Gourmet Market & Wine Bar for
charcuterie and seasonal drinks like
their blueberry wine slushie.
Not to be left out, younger
athletes can get a cool treat at
Moo Cow Ice Cream, located in
a repurposed 1950s gas station
on Ocean Boulevard, following 18
holes of minigolf at the Neptune
Park Fun Zone.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 49

SEA ISLAND

The RSM
Classic
H

osted by Golden Isles resident and World
Golf Hall of Fame member Davis Love III,
The RSM Classic has become a highly anticipated PGA TOUR event played on Sea Island
Golf Club’s Seaside and Plantation courses,
which offer challenging play with beautiful
ocean and marsh views.
More than a dozen pros live locally, including
seasoned players like Love, Zach Johnson,
Harris English, Keith Mitchell, and 2023 Open
champion Brian Harman, as well as younger
players like Will Gordon and Davis Thompson.
The tight-knit community offers access to
superb golf courses, top-notch instructors,
and amazing amenities, including world-class
Physio Training facilities and Sea Island’s stateof-the-art Golf Performance Center. Tour pros
from around the world join local professionals
for this last event of the 2025 PGA TOUR season. The stakes are high, as it is the final op-

50

portunity for them to secure their TOUR cards
for 2026. Spectators can expect four days of
high drama and intense competition.
The RSM Classic is an opportunity for local
players and residents to share the best of the
Golden Isles with visiting players. “We take pride
in showcasing our area and letting all those who
live and visit here experience our community’s
warm, genuine Southern hospitality,” Love says.
Since the event’s inception in 2010, Love’s vision
has been simple: Give players enjoyable but
demanding golf in a relaxed setting that offers
a wonderful experience for everyone. And, at
its very core, the event is for a greater purpose;
it has raised more than $48 million for childrenand family-focused charities. “Along with our Title Sponsor, RSM, we are committed to making a
positive impact on this community and beyond,”
says Love. “It is our privilege to continue the PGA
TOUR’s tradition of giving back.” rsmclassic.com

Maverick McNealy,
2024 Champion

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Topgolf Swing Suite and Bar
Bar bites and cocktails. Giant soft pretzels and local draft beer. And a
new way to get out and play. Where skill doesn’t matter and connecting
with each other means more than connecting with the ball. Part golf

simulator, part food and drinks—all a fun night out. Those who don’t enjoy
golf can try baseball pitching, soccer, hockey shots, the quarterback
challenge, the zombie dodgeball—it’s all there. Topgolf is everyone’s
game. The games are virtual, but the fun is very real. Open daily from
8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Bar bites and cocktails are available from 5–10 p.m.
Happy hour is offered daily from 5–6 p.m. The Topgolf Swing Suite is
located at The Inn by Sea Island. theinnbyseaisland.com • 855.813.6582

Golf Courses
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

NUMBER
OF
HOLES

YARDAGE

PAR

King and Prince Golf Club

912.634.0255

kingandprincegolfclub.com

18

6462

72

Sea Palms Golf Course

912.638.3351

seapalms.com

18

6608

71

Frederica Golf Club (Private-Members only)

912.634.6900

fredericagolfclub.com

18

7217

72

Seaside Course (Private-Hotel guests only)

855.473.6277

seaisland.com/golf

18

6657

70

Plantation Course (Private-Hotel guests only)

855.572.4975

seaisland.com/golf

18

6671

72

Retreat Course (Private-Hotel guests only)

855.572.4975

seaisland.com/golf

18

6735

72

Golf Performance Center

912.638.5119

seaisland.com

Pine Lakes

912.635.2368

jekyllisland.com

18

6700

72

Indian Mound

912.635.2368

jekyllisland.com

18

6408

72

Great Dunes

912.635.2368

jekyllisland.com

18

7014

72

Heritage Oaks Golf Club

912.280.9525

heritageoaksgolfclub.com

18

5820

72

Brunswick Country Club (Members Only)

912.264.4377

brunswickcountryclub.com

18

6802

72

SEA ISLAND

JEKYLL ISLAND

BRUNSWICK

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 51

JEKYLL ISLAND

Great Dunes Golf Course

G

olfers visiting Jekyll Island can relive
the golden age of the game on Great
Dunes Golf Course. First opened in the 1920s
as recreation for members of the famed
Jekyll Island Club, the course was designed
by legendary architect Walter Travis, one of
the most influential figures in early American
golf. Constructed in 1927, Travis’s Great
Dunes was a true links-style experience,
celebrated for its sweeping Atlantic views
and shaped by the challenges of wind
and ocean dunes. For the private club’s
distinguished members, it offered both a new
challenge and a chance to enjoy the island’s
seaside setting. Nearly a century later, Great
Dunes has been meticulously restored to
capture the spirit of Travis’s original design
while meeting the expectations of today’s

52

golfer. Expanded greens, improved drainage,
and enhanced playability preserve the
course’s heritage while ensuring it thrives
for generations to come. Every detail of the
restoration was guided by Travis’s vision,
allowing history and modern standards of
play to meet seamlessly.
Reopened in fall 2025, the course now
takes players on a journey through a
stunning oceanside landscape of native
grasses, rolling dunes, and maritime forest.
From the first drive to the final putt, the
natural beauty of the coast is as much a
part of the round as the fairways and greens.
Blending Gilded Age heritage with modern
innovation, Great Dunes offers a one-of-akind golf experience that is as scenic as it is
challenging. jekyllisland.com/golf

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Visitors can discover St. Simons Island and Jekyll Island with Lighthouse Trolley Tours, locally owned and operated by Catherine and
Cap Fendig. Guests can enjoy a history and sightseeing trolley tour
with on-off stops at major historical sites or take a family-friendly
evening ghost tour to explore the lore and legends of the islands.
Trolley tours are operated on both St. Simons Island and Jekyll Island,
and private tours are available. lighthousetrolleys.com • 912.638.3333

Visitors experience the best of coastal Georgia on a boat tour from
Lighthouse Trolley and Dolphin Tours, locally owned and operated by
Cap Fendig. Guests can enjoy a boat ride along the inland coastal
waterways and calm marshland rivers. They also can take a fishing
charter, go for a dolphin tour, or end the day with a sunset cruise.
Tours depart from Morningstar Marina on St. Simons Island. Private
boat tours are also available. lighthousetrolleys.com • 912.638.3333

Lighthouse Trolley Tours

Lighthouse Dolphin Tours

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

SouthEast Adventure
Outfitters
While in the Golden Isles, visitors are invited
to join SouthEast Adventure Outfitters for an
exciting tour of the coastal Georgia waterways.
Since 1994, their passion has been sharing the
beautiful Marshes of Glynn. With two stores
and private docks, getting on the water is a
breeze. SouthEast Adventure features the largest
selection of kayaks on the coast, so finding the
perfect one is easy. Offered daily, kayaking and
boating tours explore some of the most beautiful areas around St. Simons, Sea, Little St.
Simons, and Jekyll Islands. More adventurous
excursions include the Satilla and Altamaha
Rivers or Cumberland, Sapelo, and Blackbeard Islands. With more than a third of the
eastern seaboard’s marshes within Georgia’s
100 miles of coast, the possibilities are endless. The St. Simons store in the Pier Village
has the information and goods to make any
visit a great one. Guests can view the schedule online as times change with the tides.
southeastadventure.com • 912.638.6732
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 53

JEKYLL ISLAND

Jekyll Island
Boat Tours
The waters around Jekyll Island are home
to one of the world’s largest populations
of beautiful bottlenose dolphins. A fully
narrated, 90-minute sightseeing tour will
expound on the bottlenose dolphin’s social
behavior and the island’s history. Jekyll
Island Dolphin Tours takes visitors along
the Intracoastal Waterway, salt marshes,
and wilderness beaches to marvel at the
diversity of local sea life. Guests board
a comfortable 48-passenger U.S. Coast
Guard–certified boat and depart from the
historic Jekyll Wharf on a public dolphin
tour or a private group tour. Jekyll Island
Dolphin Tours has just been recognized
as Tripadvisor’s Travelers’ Choice Best
of the Best in the U.S. for boat tours. The
company offers convenient online booking
or phone booking through the gift shop.
captainphillip.com • 912.635.3152

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

St. Simons
Trolley
The first activity for every visitor to
St. Simons Island should be a trip on
St. Simons Trolley, one of the South’s
most acclaimed tours for 30 years
and the definitive historical tour of
St. Simons. Riding in an air-conditioned classic trolley, guests thoroughly enjoy this informative, highly
entertaining tour that travels to all
of the island’s historic sites, from the
iconic lighthouse, Avenue of the Oaks,
and Bloody Marsh battle site to Fort
Frederica and all points of interest in
between, including a walking tour at
Christ Church. The guides provide a
funny and charming hour-and-ahalf experience in true Southern
fashion. Trolley tours leave every day
at 11 a.m. from beneath the big oak
tree by the pier at 117 Mallery Street.
stsimonstrolley.com • 912.638.8954
54

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

JEKYLL ISLAND

Emerald
Princess
Casino

G

uests can’t wait to step aboard the
Emerald Princess Casino and let the good
times roll. Sailing from the Sidney Lanier Bridge
at the Jekyll Island Causeway, this casino cruise
is the perfect mix of gaming, entertainment,
and ocean views. Those on board can try their
luck with over 250 slot and video machines, live
blackjack tables, table games, two roulette
tables, and a thrilling craps table.
Whether guests come for the jackpots or
just the fun, there’s something for everyone.
Beyond the games, the Emerald Princess
brings the energy with live music, drink

specials, and unbeatable views from the
fourth-level observation deck. There’s nothing
like feeling the sea breeze, soaking in the
Golden Isles scenery, and kicking back while
the action unfolds.
For anyone looking for a casino experience
that goes beyond the ordinary, it’s time to
grab a spot, hit the tables, and ride the
waves into a night of nonstop excitement.
The Emerald Princess is ready and waiting!
Guests must be 21 years of age and present
a valid government-issued ID to board.
emeraldprincess.com • 800.842.0115
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 55

ST. SIMONS ISLAND
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

KavPar Customs
KavPar Customs is the go-to in the Golden Isles for all things surfing
and skimboarding. Everyone can catch a wave with surf and skimboard lessons, perfect for all levels. For those who need gear, KavPar
offers convenient rentals for boards and more. Kids can dive into an
unforgettable experience at KVPR Skim and Surf Camps. Plus, there’s
nothing like riding in style with a custom handcrafted skimboard. Get
ready for sun, sand, and epic fun. kavparcustoms.com • 912.996.7304

High Tide Aviation
Visitors can experience panoramic views of the Golden Isles as they
soar above the beaches in a Cessna Skyhawk with High Tide Aviation.
They can choose from three different scenic tours or design a custom
tour. Flights include seating for three passengers in a fully enclosed,
comfortable cockpit with headsets provided. During the flight, passengers receive a narrated tour of historic sites and may even spot dolphins
or wild horses on Cumberland Island. All tours are by appointment
(weight restrictions apply). flyhightide.com • 912.434.4843

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Anchor Excursions

World War II Home
Front Museum

Guests come aboard the Emmeline for an incredible trip through the
vibrant marshes, sounds, and waterways of the Golden Isles. Stories
of the area, interesting facts about the bountiful wildlife and local
ecosystem, live music, good food, and an entertaining crew are all part
of the experience with Anchor Excursions. The company also offers
dolphin tours, sunset cruises, hibachi cruises, holiday and special event
cruises, ferry services, and more. anchor-excursions.com • 912.206.9030

World War II was fought on fronts that spanned the globe. In Glynn
County, thousands stood bravely on the “home front,” where they built
Liberty Ships, watched the skies for enemy planes, and piloted the
airships that patrolled the Atlantic coast. At the World War II Home Front
Museum, visitors step into their shoes through interactive displays and
first-hand accounts and learn how Coastal Georgians helped win the
war from their own backyards. coastalgeorgiahistory.org • 912.634.7098

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

56

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

Activities & Tours
RENTALS
Beachside Buggies

912.416.3525

beachsidebuggiesssi.com

Electric Coast

912.602.5015

electriccoast.co

Jeeps, Golf Carts
E-Bicycles

KavPar Customs

912.996.7304

kavparcustoms.com

Surfboards, Skim Boards, Boogie Boards

Monkeywrench Bicycles

912.634.5551

monkeywrench.bike

Bicycles, E-Bicycles

Uncharted Adventures

912.901.7368

unchartedboatrentals.com

Pontoons, Jet Skis

912.262.9264

brunswicklandingmarina.com

Full Service, Overnight, Repairs, Fuel, Yacht Club, Deepwater Access

Anchor Excursions

912.206.9030

anchor-excursions.com

Ferry service, Sunset Cruises, Ecology Tours, Boat Tours

Jekyll Island Boat Tours

912.635.3152

captainphillip.com

Dolphin, Sightseeing, Private

Lighthouse Dolphin Tours

912.638.3333

lighthousetrolleys.com

Dolphin, Eco-Tour, Fishing, Shrimping, Sunset, Private

On The Fly Outfitters

912.342.7086

ontheflyoutfitters.co

Fly Fishing Charters, Fly Fishing Classes, Falconry Retreats

St. Simons Fishing Center

912.638.7673

stsimonsfishingcenter.com

Charter Fishing Guides, Kids Fishing Trips, Boat Tours

SouthEast Adventure Outfitters

912.638.6732

southeastadventure.com

Eco-Cruising, Kayak, Kayak Fishing, Tours

String of Pearls

706.255.0975

stringofpearlsssi.com

Private Charters, Harbor Cruise, Sunset Cruise

Tall Ship Lynx

978.479.2197

tallshiplynx.org

Tours, Sunset, Private

Brunswick Old Town Tours

912.584.0165

brunswickoldtowntours.com

Historic District, Squares, Downtown Experience

Coastal Tide Excursions

912.265.5711

shrimpcruise.com

Scientific, Educational, Shrimping

Golden Isles Paddle Co.

912.602.2470

gipaddle.com

Kayak & Paddle Board Tours

Golden Isles Touring

912.342.9552

facebook.com/goldenislestouring

History Tours, Private Tours, Step-On Guide

High Tide Aviation Tours

912.434.4843

flyhightide.com

Scenic Air Tours, Helicopter Flights, Custom Tours

Jekyll Island Historic Tours

912.635.4036

jekyllisland.com

Historical, Faith Chapel, Landmark Experience

Lighthouse Trolleys Tours

912.638.3333

lighthousetrolleys.com

Trolley, Private, Wedding

St. Simons Trolley Tours

912.638.8954

stsimonstours.com

Historical Trolley Tours, Private, Wedding

St. Simons African American
Heritage Coalition

912.634.0330

ssiheritagecoalition.org/historic-tours

Historic Tours, African American Heritage, Gullah/Geechee Community

Breakout Adventure

912.672.4477

breakoutadventure.com

Escape Room

Brunswick Rocks

912.342.8157

brunswickrocks.org

Indoor Bouldering Gym

Dunbar Yachts

912.638.8573

dunbaryachts.com

Private charters, sailing courses

East Beach Yoga

912.771.9021

eastbeachyogassi.com

MARINAS
Brunswick Landing Marina
CHARTERS/GUIDES

TOURS

MORE FUN

In-Studio Yoga, Beach Yoga, Cardio Sculpt, Barrier Run Crew – Run Club
(class schedule changes quarterly)

Emerald Princess Casino

800.842.0115

emeraldprincesscasino.com

Casino Boat Cruise (21 and over)

Fitted Fairways Golf Studio

912.955.7373

fittedfairways.com

Golf Simulator

Flipzone

912.456.5115

flipzonega.com

Trampoline & Fun Park, Laser Tag, Parties

Georgia Sea Turtle Center

912.635.4444

jekyllisland.com/gstc

Sea Turtle Rehabilitation & Education Center, Gift Shop

The Pinball Palace

912.265.9275

thepinballpalace.com

Pinball Games, Arcade Games, Bounce Room

Richland Rum

229.887.3537

richlandrum.com

Distillery Tours & Tastings

Savannah Bee Mead Bar

912.771.8972

savannahbee.com

Mead & Honey Tastings

Soul Arborist

678.595.7291

soularborist.com

Soul Centered Activties, Soul Circles, Drum Circles, Nature Walks, Labyrinth Walks
Water Slides, Lazy River, Wave Pool, Cabanas

Summer Waves Water Park

912.635.2074

jekyllisland.com

The Stables at Frederica

912.434.4760

thestablesatfrederica.com

Horseback Riding, Beach Tours, Marsh Tours, Trail Rides

Topgolf Swing Suite

877.907.5698

seaisland.com

Golf Simulator, Baseball, Soccer, Zombie Dodgeball, Carnival Games
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 57

JEKYLL ISLAND

The
District
Shops
J

ekyll Island’s newest shopping
and dining destination, The
District Shops offers a world of
discovery for visitors to one of
the Golden Isles’ favorite locales.
Situated in the heart of the
National Historic Landmark District,
this vibrant, walkable collection
of curated shops offers residents
and visitors alike the perfect place
to shop, sip, and savor the best of
Jekyll Island. Once home to service
buildings and trade shops that
supported the island’s Gilded Age
era, The District Shops have been
carefully revitalized, introducing
modern conveniences and fresh
experiences that make it a mustvisit stop on the island.
Visitors can browse locally
sourced goods at the Georgia
Grown Signature Shoppe, satisfy
their sweet tooth at Jekyll Island
Sweets, or gear up for adventure
at Pier Road Outfitters. They can
step into 31•81, a Jekyll Island
Lifestyle Shop filled with islandsignature apparel and gifts, or
create a keepsake from the past
with an immersive portrait session
at J.P. & Co. Gilded Age Photo
Studio. Visitors also relax with
friends at Founder’s Social, an
outdoor bar and beer garden, feel
the Christmas magic year-round
at North Pole South, or enjoy a
thoughtfully crafted cup at Wake
Up Coffee Company.
Whether one is browsing for
keepsakes, enjoying a drink
with friends, or soaking in the
atmosphere, The District Shops
bring new life to one of Jekyll
Island’s most treasured streets, all
while honoring its storied past.
jekyllisland.com/shopping

58

GOLDEN ISLES • ACTIVITIES & ATTRACTIONS

ST. SIMONS ISLAND
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Golden Isles Bracelet Co.
The little store with the big reputation for finely crafted feel-good jewelry, family-owned Golden Isles Bracelet Co. creates unique bracelets
for all wrist sizes, as well as earrings, pendants, and Perfect Fit Toe &
Finger Rings. Quality and comfort are guaranteed at the home of the
St. Simons Island Signature Collection. The shop is located in the Pier
Village Market on Mallery Street. gibcojewelry.com • 912.638.3636

Savannah Bee Company
The best of the hive is found at Savannah Bee Company, where
visitors can spend an afternoon sampling award-winning specialty
honey, sipping on small-batch honey wines, and pampering their skin
with free body care samples—all crafted from pure beehive ingredients. The shop’s roots run deep on St. Simons Island, where founder
Ted Dennard first discovered his passion for honey bees. Today, every
product—and every on-site experience—is part of a mission to protect
and preserve bees. savannahbee.com • 912.771.8972

Shopping
ST. SIMONS ISLAND
East Beach Yoga
Golden Isles Bracelet Co.
Golden Isles Olive Oil
Hope's
Lighthouse Museum Store
The Market at Sea Island
Mixed Nuts
Monkeywrench Bicycles
Rahab's Rope
Savannah Bee Company
Shops at Sea Island
SouthEast Adventure Outfitters
SSI Lifestyle
SSI Lifestyle
Tonya’s Treasures
Uncle Don’s Local Market
Welcome Center & Gift Shop

1201 & 1205 Ocean Blvd.
Pier Village, 215 Mallery St.
1609 Frederica Rd.
Pier Village, 303 Mallery St.
Pier Village, 610 Beachview Dr.
351 Sea Island Rd.
Pier Village, 548 Ocean Blvd.
1708 Frederica Rd.
Pier Village, 320 Mallery St.
Pier Village, 315 Mallery St.
Intersection of Frederica Rd. & Sea Island Rd.
Pier Village, 313 Mallery St.
Retreat Village, 4 Retreat Pl.
Pier Village, 217 Mallery St., Suite B
123 Mallery Street
1610 Frederica Rd.
Pier Village, 529 Beachview Dr.

912.771.9021
912.638.3636
912.602.9736
912.638.5654
912.638.4666
912.638.5800
912.434.6040
912.634.5551
912.434.6059
912.771.8972
912.638.6732
912.223.2324
912.223.2324
912.634.6588
912.634.1610
912.638.9014

eastbeachyogassi.com
gibcobracelets.com
goldenislesoliveoil.com
shophopes.com
coastalgeorgiahistory.com
seaisland.com/dining/the-market
facebook.com/mixednutsssi
monkeywrench.bike
rahabsrope.com
savannahbee.com
facebook.com/ShopsAtSeaIsland
southeastadventure.com
ssilifestyle.com
ssilifestyle.com
tonyastreasures.com
facebook.com/uncledonslocalmarket
goldenisles.com

101 Old Plantation Rd.
150 Old Plantation Rd.
214 Stable Rd.
13 Pier Rd.
10 Main St.
100 Stable Rd.
17 Pier Rd.
21 Pier Rd
21 Main Street, #101
1175 N. Beachview Dr.

912.635.3181
912.635.4140
912.635.4444
912.635.4054
912.635.4425
912.635.4036
912.635.4005
912.635.4130
912.319.2068
912.635.2521

jekyllisland.com
jekyllisland.com
jekyllisland.com/gstc
jekyllisland.com
jekyllisland.com
jekyllisland.com
jekyllisland.com
jekyllisland.com
tonyastreasures.com
villasbythesearesort.com

1428 Newcastle St.
1615 Reynolds St.
1501 Newcastle St.
1614 Newcastle St
1200 Glynn Ave.
1325 Newcastle St.
250 Golden Isles Plaza, #114

912.574.5493
770.322.4001
912.342.7086
912.342.9338
912.265.5292
912.275.7024
912.261.1002

beausandbabesboutique.com
bironteas.com
ontheflyoutfitters.co
brownbuttershoppe.com
southeastadventure.com
silverbluff.com
tonyastreasures.com

JEKYLL ISLAND
31•81
Georgia Grown Signature Shoppe
Georgia Sea Turtle Center
J.P. & Co. Gilded Age Photo Studio
Life is Good
Mosaic, Jekyll Island Museum
North Pole South
Pier Road Outfitters
Tonya’s Treasures
Villas by the Sea Shoppe

BRUNSWICK
Beaus & Babes Boutique
Biron Tea Factory & Tasting Room
On The Fly Outfitters
Social Butterfly
SouthEast Adventure Outfitters
Silver Bluff Brewing Company
Tonya’s Treasures

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 59

DINING

Get a taste of the fresh, local flavors that exemplify
the Golden Isles’ dynamic culinary scene
60
58
60

B E N JA M I N G A L L A N D

IGUANAS
SEAFOOD
RESTAURANT

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

Coastal Cravings
Eight local restaurants that blend Southern tradition with culinary flair

Del Sur Artisan Eats

T

ucked along Georgia’s picturesque coast, the Golden Isles
serves up more than stunning sunsets and sandy beaches—
they dish out an unforgettable culinary experience rooted in
Southern tradition and coastal charm. Whether you’re craving
the laid-back atmosphere of a waterfront shack with just-caught
shrimp or the refined elegance of a white-tablecloth restaurant
plating inventive takes on Lowcountry classics, this stretch of
barrier islands has something for every palate.
Local ingredients shine here—think wild Georgia shrimp,
sweet Vidalia onions, and freshly harvested oysters—elevated
by chefs who blend heritage with creativity. From family-owned
eateries in Brunswick to award-winning spots on Sea Island and
cozy taverns on St. Simons, dining in the Golden Isles is as much
about the flavors as it is the people who serve them. Southern
hospitality is more than a slogan here—it’s the secret ingredient
in every bite. Whether you’re sipping a craft cocktail under
the oaks or tucking into a plate of crab cakes with a view of the
marsh, you’ll quickly discover that the Golden Isles’ food scene is
a destination all its own.

Crabdaddy’s Seafood Grill
Warmly welcoming locals and visitors alike since 1988,
Crabdaddy’s serves hearty Southern seafood delicacies with
a smile. Favorites include crab soup, blackened grouper, Crab
Daddy’s shrimp and grits with Polish sausage, and bread pudding
for dessert. There’s a full bar, and the restaurant’s prime location
makes it easy to walk off dinner with a stroll down Ocean
Boulevard. Be sure to make a reservation—this longtime favorite
fills up fast.
Del Sur Artisan Eats
Featured on Guy Fieri’s Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, Del Sur
is where you go when you need a break from all the seafood.
Founded by Hernan Stutzer of Argentina and Alberto Llano of
Colombia, who met at Le Cordon Bleu in Miami, Del Sur offers
Argentine eats in Pier Village. The focus is meat—skirt steak,
braised short ribs, and lamb empanadas—but don’t sleep on the
provoleta (pan-fried provolone cheese with caramelized onions,
fresh tomatoes, and oregano).
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 61

Fiddlers Seafood
A down-home seafood shack, Fiddlers takes
you back to a time when strangers stop to
chat and families sit together to watch the
sunset. Snag a table on the back deck and
enjoy views of the salty marsh or cuddle
up near the fireplace. Order a fried oyster
basket or go big with the surf and turf.
Feeling nostalgic? Dig into some perfectly
crisped chicken fingers. Whatever you
decide, save space for Key lime pie.

Woodside
Intimate and refined, Woodside offers
French- and Italian-inspired dishes created
by chef-owners David and Ryanne Carrier.
From coastal seafood and handmade pasta,
every dish is crafted with care. Both Carriers
come from a fine dining background—David
worked at the French Laundry, while Ryanne
was a sommelier at Sea Island Resort. She’s
also a pastry chef and co-owner of Dulce
Dough Bakery, so be sure to order dessert,
as well as a glass of wine from the carefully
curated list.
Downtown Cooter Brown’s
A sports bar with a dose of Southern
charm, Downtown Cooter Brown’s has
everything you need to enjoy the big game.
In addition to wings, hot dogs, and burgers,
there’s fried seafood goodness in the form
of Po’ boys, shrimp and grits, and grouper
sandwiches. Pull up a stool, order a cold
one, and settle in to watch your favorite
team win big. The friendly staff will be
cheering right beside you.
62

La Plancha
Chef Dave Snyder combines his mother’s
recipes and Colombian traditions with
Mexican and Latin American favorites.
The result is a vibrant array of dishes, from
homemade tacos and street-style arepas to
coconut shrimp and fish fajitas. Families
will appreciate the variety with 29 options
on the children’s menu alone. Known for
their margaritas made with fresh-squeezed
juices, La Plancha serves them icy and
strong with more than 10 types of tequila
from which to choose.

Eighty Ocean Kitchen & Bar
Located in the Jekyll Island Club Resort,
Eighty Ocean serves three meals a day in a
tranquil, open-air environment. Take in the
poolside views and soak up the ocean breeze
as you nosh on wood-fired flatbreads, blue
crab deviled eggs, and grilled redfish. Need
a quick break from the sun? Pop in for a
Corsair Refresher (a revitalizing mix of gin,
blackberry puree, lemonade, and soda) or a
house-made limoncello.

B E N JA M I N G A L L A N D

Jekyll & Tide
As the name implies, Jekyll & Tide is really
two restaurants in one. Led by James Beard
Award–winning chef Keith Schroeder, the
Jekyll Room offers a traditional whitetablecloth experience with unique menu
offerings that combine steak, seafood, and
Southern ingredients with international
flavors (think Korean gochujang and
Vietnamese nuoc mam). Meanwhile, in the
tavern-style Tide Room, the casual, convivial
atmosphere is paired with burgers, salads,
and creative cocktails for a meal that serves
comfort above all else.

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

Savor the Scenery
Where dining comes with a view

T

here’s something undeniably special
about dining where the view is just as
memorable as the meal. Nowhere captures
that coastal charm quite like Georgia’s coast.
From breezy beachfront patios to marshfront decks that glow at sunset, every meal
comes with a side of stunning views. Dine
with the sky, sea, and sand all around you
at these local eateries that bring Southern
hospitality and coastal flavors to every plate.
Beachfront Bites
For oceanfront dining with a dash of history,
ECHO on St. Simons Island is a must-visit.
Located inside the historic King and Prince
Beach & Golf Resort, ECHO is the island’s
only beachfront restaurant with unbeatable
views of the Atlantic. Sip a cocktail on
the oceanfront patio and indulge in their
signature shrimp and grits.

Elevated Eats
Tucked into the heart of historic downtown
Brunswick, 1509 is the city’s only rooftop
restaurant, known for its upscale cuisine and
luxurious dining space. Its terrace provides
sweeping bird’s-eye views of the Golden Isles
you won’t find anywhere else. Savor bold
flavors with dishes like seared scallops and
smoked pork belly.
Salt, Lime, & Sea Breeze
For island vibes and a laid-back atmosphere,
Tortuga Jack’s on Jekyll Island is the
go-to spot, complete with an open-air
tiki patio that looks toward the ocean.
This Baja Mexican grill brings the flavor

with zesty fish tacos, sizzling fajitas, and
tasty margaritas. All served with a view of
swaying palms—there’s no better way to end
a day at the beach.
Pier-Perfect Flavors
Relax and enjoy a true taste of island life at
Brogen’s South, a laid-back bar and grill with
Southern charm. Locals and visitors alike
love to visit for its classic American fare and
unbeatable views. Located just steps from
the St. Simons Pier, the front patio offers
stunning water views, ideal for watching boats
drift by and catching a golden sunset.
A Taste of the Tide
Find your favorite seaside flavors at 24
Coastal Grill, located at the Holiday Inn
Resort on Jekyll Island. This inviting
restaurant has a menu inspired by the
shoreline and focused on fresh and flavorful
dishes. Dine al fresco to enjoy the salty air,
beachside views, and a truly memorable
dining experience.

DENNIS WELSH

Where the Marsh Meets the Menu
Iconically located in a historic pier building
on Jekyll Island, The Wharf is one of the

island’s most favored waterfront dining
spots. Just on the edge of the Jekyll River,
you’ll find Southern coastal favorites with
seafood being the main attraction on the
menu. Enjoy incredible marsh views, live
music, vibrant sunsets, and a true taste of
the South.

GOLDENIS
L S . C O M •| 663
GOLDENISLES.COM

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Hodnett
Cooper
Vacation
Rentals
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Georgia Sea Grill,
Three Little Birds,
and The Nest
E

xperience coastal Georgia’s
culinary charm year-round at the
Georgia Sea Grill Collective on St.
Simons Island. Here, friends and families
come together for special moments
and create new ones over memorable
culinary experiences while celebrating
seasonal local flavors.
At Georgia Sea Grill in the St.
Simons Pier Village, great wine pairings
enhance any dining experience with
award-winning coastal cuisine and
exceptional service. Guests can gather
to enjoy the First Call (aka happy hour)
in the Piano Room or settle in for a
delightful full-service dining experience.
georgiaseagrill.com • 912.638.1197
Three Little Birds - Fly In, Fly Out
offers made-to-order homestyle
breakfast or lunch, along with chefmade heat-and-serve meals for the

64

family. Diners can build a delicious
beach or gift basket, as well as enjoy
table service inside and outside with
a cold beer or glass of wine on the
covered patio. Close to the Pier Village,
the restaurant also offers catering for
special events. threelittlebirdsssi.com •
912.771.8787
The Nest is the perfect place to begin
the evening with superb appetizers
during Flocktail Hour. An impressive
wine and liquor selection pairs perfectly
with any assortment of small plates
and entrees. Evenings unfold in this
relaxing, cozy hangout as diners watch
people strolling through the village.
The Nest is designed to make guests
feel at home—made even better with a
full-service bar. Everyone is welcome at
this little nook at 511 Ocean Boulevard.
thenestssi.com • 912.268.2758

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

Tramici

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Halyard
Restaurant Group

Halyards

Agio

La Plancha

Halyard Restaurant Group offers delicious
cuisine and a warm welcome at Halyards,
La Plancha, Tramici, and Agio Italian
& Steak—where good food and good
company create great memories.
Halyards serves up a locally sourced
menu nightly—with Southern coastal
classics, Georgia seafood, inventive
cocktails, and top wines. Tramici is the
ideal island spot for an Italian lunch or
dinner—including antipasti, pizzas, seasonal
salads, pasta with house-made sauce, and
Italian-inspired seafood dishes. La Plancha
is a local favorite for Mexican food—with
authentic quesadillas, tacos, burritos, and
the island’s best specialty ‘ritas. Agio serves
Brunswick daily—from breakfast favorites to
late-night dining; it’s the perfect place for
flame-grilled steaks, hearty pastas, tasty
desserts, wine, and weekend brunch.
Hours, menus, ordering, catering,
and locations are available online.
halyardrestaurantgroup.com

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Porch

As seen on Diners, Drive-Ins and
Dives, Porch was featured with Guy
Fieri in February of 2024, highlighting their infamous Motherclucker
sandwich, fried Wild Georgia Shrimp,
and lots of sides. Porch serves
chicken, shrimp, and farm-raised
catfish, and customers can choose
their heat level on any dish to really
spice things up. Daily specials are
available throughout the week,
including Motherclucker Monday,
Taco Tuesday, Healthy Humpday,
Taps Thursday, Frosé Friday, PoBoy
Saturday, and Fried Chicken Sunday.
Depending on the day, an entree,
side, and drink are available for less
than $14. Guests can dine on the
porch or enjoy sitting in the front
yard with their pup. Happy hour runs
daily from 3 to 5 p.m., and Fridays
feature frosé all day for $5.
porchssi.com • 912.634.5168
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 65

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Palmer’s Village
Café
Palmer’s Village Café—where breakfast is served
all day and lunch is on point—was created by
Palmer Fortune and John Belechak. Palmer’s has
been voted “Best Breakfast/Brunch” by Elegant
Island Living for nine years running and named “4th
Best Pancakes in America” by Travel + Leisure.
The restaurant was born of friendship, a love of
great food, and the spirit of service from two men
who share a true sense of hospitality, a passion for
excellence, and the idea that life and food should be
thoroughly enjoyed. That’s why everything, from the
amazing ground sausage to the famous tomato jam,
is crafted in-house daily using the freshest local and
regional ingredients.
The service is friendly. Guests feel like locals from
the moment they walk through the old wooden door.
They can dress down or up—it’s all about the food
and great company at Palmer’s Village Café. The
restaurant is open seven days a week from 7:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. palmersvillagecafessi.com • 912.634.5515

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Del Sur Artisan Eats
Offering a spectacular blend of flavors from Argentina and Italy, Del Sur
Artisan Eats is a St. Simons Island favorite. Opened in 2014 by Hernan
Stutzer and Alberto Llano, the restaurant is known for its pure, honest
food, including standout dishes like Argentinian empanadas, pear
and gorgonzola Sacchetti, skirt steak, and delectable risotto, among
many others. Open Tuesday to Saturday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. for lunch
and daily from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. for dinner, Del Sur also offers catering
services. delsurartisaneats.com • 912.638.1223
66

Dorothy’s Cocktail &
Oyster Bar
Dorothy’s is a refined, chef-driven restaurant offering an ever-evolving
raw bar, wood-fired proteins, and vibrant, Asian-inspired small plates.
Our acclaimed bar program features inventive original cocktails,
a curated wine list, and elegant takes on classics—all crafted with
precision and care. From oysters and Champagne to miso ramen with
house-braised pork, Dorothy’s delivers with warmth, polish, and depth.
dorothysssi.com • 912.268.4813

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Fuse Frozen Co.
Fuse Frozen Co. is not the average frozen yogurt shop—it’s a selfserve frozen treat experience. Sure, there’s awesome frozen yogurt,
but that’s just the beginning. Customers also find creamy gelato,
rich frozen custard, refreshing sorbets, and bold Italian ice—perfect
for any craving. Whether guests are watching their waistline or
throwing caution (and sprinkles) to the wind, there’s something
for everyone with sugar-free, gluten-free, and dairy-free options.
With two beachside locations—on St. Simons Island and Jekyll
Island—Fuse is all about chill vibes and sweet moments. For those
wanting to own their own Fuse Frozen Co., there’s good news, as
the company is now offering franchise opportunities. Everyone can
be part of something exciting and seriously delicious. Fuse is more
than just frozen yogurt—it’s serving up unforgettable experiences,
one swirl at a time. fusefrozenco.com, 912.268.4572

JEKYLL ISLAND

Tortuga Jack’s
With the largest oceanfront tiki
bar between Maine and Florida,
Tortuga Jack’s is the place for
fun, live music, and casual Baja
Mexican fare. Visitors and locals
alike come for the shrimp tacos
and other coastal favorites,
plus frozen margaritas and
handcrafted cocktails. Diners
always enjoy ocean breezes,
amazing views, and lasting
memories. Tortuga Jack’s has been
voted the #6 beach bar in the
South by Southern Living readers.
tortugajacks.com, 912.342.2600
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 67

JEKYLL ISLAND

Beach House
Restaurant
& Taproom
Blessed with breathtaking views
of the Atlantic, Beach House sits
just yards from the shore. The
restaurant’s culinary team takes
tremendous pride in creating a
satisfying menu; handcrafted salads
and appetizers, artisan pizza, and
fresh local seafood beckon. Guests
can sit at the full wraparound bar,
which features a variety of regional
craft beers on 24 tap handles, and
enjoy one of the largest draft beer
selections in southeast Georgia.
Seating is available inside, outside,
or on the spacious screened-in
porch. The restaurant is located
next to the Beachview Club Hotel.
jibeachhouse.com • 912.319.2912

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Golden Isles
Olive Oil at the
Market Place
Golden Isles Olive Oil at the Market Place
is a popular bistro-style restaurant and
full bar that offers indoor and patio dining.
The restaurant has a varied and delicious
menu including vegan, vegetarian, and
gluten-free options. In addition, it features
a beautiful gourmet market with over 60
flavors of freshly pressed fused and
infused olive oils and balsamic vinegars,
as well as cheeses, charcuterie, tapenade,
pesto, antipasti, olives, pickles, pasta,
sauces, honey, jams, and other delights.
The bistro also is home to a dog-friendly
patio and has a special canine menu for
furry friends. The hours of operation run
Tuesday through Saturday from 11 a.m. to
9 p.m. and Sunday and Monday from 11
a.m. to 5 p.m. It is truly a foodie’s paradise.
goldenislesoliveoil.com • 912.602.9736
68

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Iguanas
Seafood
Restaurant
N

o visit to the Golden Isles would be complete
without sampling the bounty of its waters.
Seafood delicacies like Wild Georgia Shrimp, with
its incomparable freshness and flavor, are Iguanas
Seafood Restaurant’s specialty.
The St. Simons Island restaurant is the go-to
spot for Wild Georgia Shrimp, harvested off the
coast and offered up fried, blackened, or broiled.
Iguanas Seafood Restaurant is committed to
supporting the local shrimping industry, and it’s
that commitment that inspires the menu of expertly
prepared shrimp and seafood dishes, served with
gracious Southern hospitality.
Take a seat on the pet-friendly covered
patio or in the colorful indoor space. Stellar

seafood appetizers include ultra-fresh peeland-eat shrimp, grilled oysters, or crab cakes.
The array of entrees makes it hard to decide
(though the shrimp dinner—served fried, blackened or broiled—is a popular choice). Sandwiches and traditional Southern sides round
out the menu, and Iguanas’ complimentary
soft-serve ice cream is the best way to top off
a memorable meal.
Iguanas Seafood Restaurant is located in the
historic Pier Village. It’s open for lunch and dinner
and has plenty of seating for both small and large
groups. iguanasseafood.com • 912.638.9650

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 69

ST. SIMONS ISLAND, BRUNSWICK,
AND JEKYLL ISLAND

Wake Up Coffee Co.
Wake Up Coffee Co. has established itself as a beloved
destination in the Golden Isles, offering the perfect blend
of coastal charm and top-notch coffee. The inviting spaces
are the perfect place to start the day. Wake Up Coffee Co.
serves a variety of expertly crafted coffee beverages, teas,
and light snacks while providing a delightful place to gather, relax, and enjoy a cup of one’s favorite brew. Whether
visitors are in the heart of Brunswick or enjoying the island
life on St. Simons or Jekyll, Wake Up Coffee Co. promises a
warm and flavorful experience for all.
wakeupcoffeeco.com • 912.268.2429

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Brogen’s
North
More than a restaurant
and bar, Brogen’s North is
an island rite of passage.
Guests enjoy an extensive
menu of classic Southern
staples either inside the
welcoming dining room or
outside on the charming
porch of this popular St.
Simons Island eatery. Everything—from fresh seafood,
burgers, and sandwiches to
pasta and homemadedough pizza—is made to
order. With the promise of
good food and a good time,
it’s easy to see why locals
and visitors alike keep coming back to Brogen’s North.
brogensnorthrestaurant.com •
912.638.2060
70

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Brogen’s South
Every island town needs a classic
hangout, and Brogen’s South fits
the bill. An island institution since
1983, Brogen’s South has been serving up delicious burgers and more
to locals and delighted visitors.
Part of Brogen’s charm is its
history—the space once served as
a humble bait and tackle shop.
Today, this neighborhood hangout
is known for its casual atmosphere. Visitors can hang out on
the upstairs covered patio or kick
back on the deck overlooking the
water and enjoy the island vibes,
delicious food, and well-rounded
bar offerings. Many go for their
burgers, wings, sandwiches, or
hearty salads—all tasty ways to
enjoy the lively, lovely St. Simons
Island setting. brogens.com/
brogens-south • 912.638.1660

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

The Market at Sea Island
The Market proudly showcases local artisan products and gifts
alongside offering specialty food items. Visitors can start their
day with a coffee and delicious breakfast sandwich, dine al
fresco for lunch with a made-to-order sandwich or build-yourown salad bar, or enjoy an incredible take-and-bake entrée for
dinner. The Market offers fresh breads, homemade croissants,
decadent cookies, and other sweet treats from the Sea Island
Bake Shop daily and can cater everything from sandwich trays
to custom cakes. Choose from an extensive selection of wines
that pair perfectly with whatever is on the agenda. Also available
are a variety of gifts, home decor, and Sea Island–branded
items. Wherever a visitor calls home, they can consider this their
neighborhood market. themarketatseaisland.com • 912.634.3994
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 71

Tramici

Halyards

JEKYLL ISLAND

JEKYLL ISLAND

24 Coastal Grill

The Shore

24 Coastal Grill at Holiday Inn Resort Jekyll Island is where good food
meets ocean views. Just steps from the sand, it’s the kind of spot
where guests can relax with fresh seafood, favorite comfort dishes,
and a cold drink while the waves roll in. Families wander up from the
beach, couples share a sunset toast, and friends linger long after the
plates are cleared. holidayinnresortjekyll.com/menus • 912.319.0038

The Shore at Courtyard & Residence Inn Jekyll Island is where the view
is as memorable as the meal. With ocean breezes and wide open skies,
it’s a natural gathering spot for everything from beach day lunches to
cocktails at sunset. The menu highlights fresh flavors and coastal classics, served in a laid-back setting that invites guests to slow down, stay a
while, and soak in the island life. marriott.com • 912.635.2416

JEKYLL ISLAND
JEKYLL ISLAND

Eighty Ocean Kitchen & Bar
Eighty Ocean Kitchen & Bar, located inside the Jekyll Ocean Club
Resort, offers a relaxed oceanside dining experience with innovative
Georgia fare. Guests enjoy wood-fired flatbreads, fresh seafood, and
signature shared plates paired with craft cocktails, regional brews,
and boutique wines. There is nothing like savoring coastal cuisine and
sipping craft drinks in a charming indoor setting or a breezy alfresco
environment. jekyllclub.com/dining • 912.635.5238
72

The Wharf
Welcome to The Wharf, a revamped pier eatery boasting open-air
dining and a stellar selection of Southern-inspired drinks. Guests
indulge in seafood delights like Georgia shrimp and flounder paired
with classic sides including hush puppies and fried green tomatoes. For
a modern twist, the restaurant allows diners to delve into options like
ceviche and tuna tartare. And everyone who asks about experiencing
The Green Flash while enjoying the sunset won’t be disappointed.
jekyllislandclub.com/dining • 912.635.3612

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

PET-FRIENDLY

WATERFRONT / VIEW

OUTDOOR SEATING

TAKE OUT

BAR / PUB

Dining

FAMILY FRIENDLY

BREAKFAST / LUNCH /
DINNER / SWEETS

GOLDEN ISLES • DINING

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Brogen’s North

912.638.2060

3600 Frederica Rd., #1

brogensnorthssi.com

L,D

Brogen’s South

912.638.1660

Pier Village, 200 Pier Alley

facebook.com/brogenssouth

L,D

Certified Burgers & Beverage

912.268.4330

44 Midway Sq.

certifiedburgersandbeverage.com

L,D

CJ’s Italian Restaurant

912.634.2711

405 Mallery St.

cjsitalianrestaurant.com

D

Crabdaddy’s Seafood Grill

912.634.1120

1217 Ocean Blvd.

crabdaddysssi.com

D

Del Sur Artisan Eats

912.638.1223

321 Mallery St.

delsursaintsimons.com

L,D

Dorothy’s Cocktail and Oyster Bar

912.268.4813

12 Market St.

dorothysssi.com

D,S

Dulce Dough Bakery

912.771.8487

1624 Frederica Rd., Unit 1

dulcedoughbakery.com

B,S

ECHO

912.268.5967

101 Downing Street

echostsimons.com

B,L,D

Fiddlers Seafood

912.771.8481

410 Arnold Rd.

fiddlersat410arnold.com

L,D

Frosty’s Griddle & Shake

912.434.9509

Pier Village, 501 Mallery St.

frostysgriddleandshake.com

L,D,S

Fuse Frozen Co. at Longview

912.268.4572

101 Longview Plaza

fusefrozenco.com

S

Fuse Frozen Co. at Pier Village

912.268.2237

Pier Village, 121 Mallery St.

fusefrozenco.com

S

Georgia Sea Grill

912.638.1197

Pier Village, 407 Mallery St.

georgiaseagrill.com

D

Golden Isles Olive Oil Wine Bar

912.602.9736

1609 Frederica Rd.

goldenislesoliveoil.com

L,D

Halyards

912.638.9100

Shops at Sea Island, 55 Cinema Ln.

halyardsrestaurant.com

D

Iguanas Seafood Restaurant

912.642.9190

Pier Village, 303 Mallery St.

iguanasseafood.com

L,D

King City Kitchen

912.268.2030

117 Mallery St.

kingcitykitchen.com

B,L,D

La Plancha Tacos & Ritas

912.434.6100

3600 Frederica Rd.

laplancharestaurant.com

L,D

Mellow Mushroom

912.291.9108

Pier Village, 440 Kings Way

mellowmushroom.com

L,D

Moo Cow Ice Cream

912.434.6135

Pier Village, 541 Ocean Blvd. #4828

moocowssi.com

S

The Market at Sea Island

912.634.3994

351 Sea Island Rd.

seaisland.com/dining/the-market

B,L,D

Palmer’s Village Café

912.634.5515

Pier Village, 223 Mallery St.

palmersvillagecafe.com

B,L

Porch

912.634.5168

Pier Village, 549 Ocean Blvd.

porchssi.com

L,D

Rafters

912.642.3964

Pier Village, 315 1/2 Mallery St.

rafters.bar

Sago at Sea Palms

912.434.5340

Sea Palms Resort, 515 N. Windward Dr.

dineatsago.com

B,L,D

Sandy Bottom Bagels

912.434.9310

Retreat Village, 242 Retreat Village

sandybottombagels.com

B,L

Southern Soul

912.638.7685

2020 Demere Rd.

southernsoulbbq.com

L,D

St. Simons Sweets

912.638.0150

Pier Village, 229 Mallery St.

stsimonssweets.com

The Chef’s Table

912-269-4969

Various Private Homes & Locations

thechefstablessi.com

Varies

The Nest

912.268.2758

511 Ocean Blvd

thenestssi.com

D,S

The Pub at Village Inn

912.634.6056

Pier Village, 500 Mallery St.

villageinnandpub.com

Three Little Birds

912.771.8787

Pier Village, 509 Ocean Blvd.

threelittlebirdsssi.com

B,L

Tramici

912.634.2202

Shops at Sea Island, 75 Cinema Ln.

tramicirestaurant.com

L,D

V Pizza

912.771.1919

Shops at Sea Island, 600 Sea Island Rd.

vpizza.com

L,D

Wake Up Coffee Co.

912.268.2429

50 Aviator Plaza, Suite 106

wakeupcoffeeco.com

B

Woodside

912.771.8659

24 Midway Sq.

instagram.com/woodsidessi

D

Ziggy Mahoney’s

912.642.9129

Retreat Village, 210 Retreat Village

ziggys.online

L,D

24 Coastal Grill

912.635.2211

701 N. Beachview Dr.

holidayinnresort.com

B,L,D

Beach House Restaurant & Tap Room

912.319.2912

715 N. Beachview Dr.

jibeachhouse.com

B,L,D

Eighty Ocean Kitchen & Bar

912.635.3588

1175 N. Beachview Dr.

driftwoodbistro.com

D

Fuse Frozen Co. at Beach Village

912.635.5238

Jekyll Ocean Club, 80 Ocean Way

jekyllclub.com

B,L,D

Grand Dining Room

912.319.2046

31 Main St., Suite 107

fusefrozenco.com

S

Jekyll & Tide

912.635.5155

Jekyll Island Club Resort, 371 Riverview Dr.

jekyllclub.com

B,L,D

The Pantry

912.635.5203

Jekyll Island Club Resort, 371 Riverview Dr.

jekyllclub.com

B,L,D

The Pool House

912.635.5131

Jekyll Island Club Resort, 371 Riverview Dr.

jekyllclub.com

B,L,D

The Shore

912.342.2600

201 N. Beachview Dr.

tortugajacks.com

L,D

Tortuga Jack’s

912.635.3612

Jekyll Island Club Resort, 371 Riverview Dr.

jekyllwharf.com

L,D

32 Pier Rd.

wakeupcoffeeco.com

B

JEKYLL ISLAND

Wake Up Coffee Co.
The Wharf

912.635.3612

Jekyll Island Club Resort, 371 Riverview Dr.

jekyllwharf.com

L,D

Willet’s Lowcountry

912.319.2880

110 Ocean Way

willetslowcountry.com

B,D

1509 Brunswick

912.275.8909

1509 Newcastle St.

1509brunswick.com

L,D

AGIO Italian & Steak

912.593.3375

124 Glynco Pkwy.

agioitalian.com

B,L,D

Downtown Cooter Brown’s

912.574.5913

1326 Newcastle St.

cooterbrownsbwk.com

L,D

Fish Tales Pub and Grill

912.262.9663

7445 Blythe Island Hwy.

southernretreatrvpark.com/fish-tales

B,L,D

Silver Bluff Brewing Company

912.275.7024

1325 Newcastle St.

silverbluff.com

Wake Up Coffee Co.

912.342.8467

3349 Cypress Mill Rd.

wakeupcoffeeco.com

BRUNSWICK

B
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 73

WEDDINGS
& EVENTS
Celebrate life’s big moments in paradise

74

GOLDEN ISLES • WEDDINGS

Vow Factor
From luxurious private resorts to charming Victorian homes, these
standout wedding venues on Georgia’s scenic coast won’t disappoint
Beachfront Elegance
On St. Simons Island, the historic King and
Prince Beach & Golf Resort offers multiple stunning settings for elegant beachfront
nuptials. Located just steps from the
beach, the oceanfront lawn’s glittering
string lights and idyllic palms set the stage
for a breathtaking outdoor ceremony or
reception. Or opt for a more intimate vow
exchange on the resort’s namesake lawn,
with a lush backdrop of old-growth live
oaks and Spanish moss. Indoors, choose
from the stately Solarium or regal Retreat
Room, both with gorgeous ocean views.

BROOKE ROBERTS

Timeless Luxury
A luxury Forbes Five-Star retreat, Sea
Island Resort boasts five miles of pristine,
secluded shoreline and nine breathtaking
venues for the ultimate lavish Southern
wedding. Exchange vows in the fairytale-like
chapel, complete with striking stained-glass
windows and pews of heart pine. For more
intimate ceremonies, say “I do” in the romantic, candle-lit wine cellar, complete with
an in-house sommelier. Additional venue
options include an expansive riverfront
lawn, two grand ballrooms with ornate
chandeliers, verdant outdoor spaces, and
even a private yacht. Impress your guests
with pre- and post-wedding activities like
indulgent spa treatments, sunset cruises,
and falconry classes at this world-class
luxury resort.
Victorian-Era Grandeur
Once a private winter club for the country’s
wealthy elite, the Jekyll Island Club Resort
is an idyllic backdrop for that special day. Exchange vows on the sweeping lawn framed by a
canopy of ancient oaks and Spanish moss or at
the relaxed beach pavilion. Up the glam factor

with a ceremony or reception at Crane Cottage,
a grand, Italian Renaissance–style cottage with
stunning views of the Jekyll River and formal
gardens. The resort also boasts chandelier-clad
ballrooms and small banquet spaces.
Magical Marshlands
Located on a private peninsula on St.
Simons Island, Village Creek Landing

is what waterfront wedding dreams are
made of. With an indoor capacity of 75,
the rustic-meets-elegant space features
white walls and wooden floors, plus covered porches and an upstairs bar. Couples
can also exchange vows in the creek-side
gazebo with marsh and river views and
festive lighting.

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 75

Oceanfront Gem
For one of the most versatile event locations in the Golden Isles,
choose the centrally located Westin Jekyll Island Beach Resort.
The sprawling 12,000-foot lawn is an elegant choice for a scenic outdoor celebration underneath swaying palm trees. The lush, covered

Love & Leisure
Add to the wedding
festivities with these
can’t-miss Golden Isles
excursions for couples
and their guests
76

Full Day
Book a trip to Little St. Simons Island,
an 11,000-plus-acre wilderness area
located just 20 miles north of St. Simons
proper. Hike more than 25 miles of trails or
book a kayaking tour to paddle through
pristine saltwater marshes. Tours must be
arranged in advance through the Lodge.

Palm Terrace is an equally chic option, or exchange vows on the
island’s iconic Driftwood Beach surrounded by scenic marshlands.
Inside, the Westin’s four event rooms range from the 300-person
Grand Ballroom to smaller spaces for more intimate gatherings.
Secluded Splendor
Located on picturesque St. Simons Island, Sea Palms Resort is
an idyllic setting for special occasions. Open-air venues include a
verdant lakeside pavilion set among palm trees with string lights,
a relaxed poolside patio with a built-in tiki bar, and Square 67,
with stunning water features and a marsh backdrop. The resort’s
chandelier-decked Grand Ballroom can accommodate more than
200 guests, while the modest Musgrove room with a connected
outdoor patio and natural lighting is ideal for smaller groups and
indoor-outdoor events.

Half Day
Play a round of golf at one of St.
Simons Island’s four celebrated
courses—the challenging, 18-hole
Sea Palms Golf Club is open to
the public—or rent a bike to pedal along 25-plus miles of scenic,
paved trails.

A Few Hours
Team up for a scavenger hunt to find
St. Simons Island’s 11 (and counting)
distinct tree carvings; take little ones
to swing and slide under majestic
oak trees at Neptune Park; or shop
for souvenirs, boutique clothing, and
unique gifts in the Pier Village.

BROOKE ROBERTS

Versatile Vows
With a portfolio of restored historic buildings in picturesque downtown Brunswick, Port City Partners offers a versatile portfolio
of venues for that special day. The largest, Queen and Grant, is an
elegant, 20,000-square-foot space with a grand reception hall, complete with brick-lined walls and a lofty ceiling. The charming property also includes a private outdoor garden and a secluded courtyard
with bubbling fountains. Its sibling spot, Reynolds House, is a Victorian-era home ideal for smaller, more intimate celebrations.

GOLDEN ISLES • WEDDINGS

In Focus T

here are not many times in a person’s life
when they’re surrounded by all the people
they love most at one time. “It’s an incredible
thing to see, and it’s even more incredible to
This talented couple is behind document,” says Brooke Roberts, who owns
the lens of many Golden Isles
Brooke Roberts Photography with her husband, Paul.
weddings
The couple met at the University of Wolverhampton in England, where they were both pursuing art degrees. As they married and
made their move to the United States, Paul and Brooke already knew they loved coastal
living, so they jumped at the chance to settle down in the Golden Isles.
Although specializing in weddings was never the plan, when Brooke was invited to
shoot the nuptials of a dear friend, she was surprised to learn she loved it. Paul began
joining Brooke at events, business took off, and soon both partners were able to pursue
photography full time. In the 17 years since launching their business, the couple has
earned a glowing reputation for Golden Isles weddings.
Paul is particularly skilled at capturing candids, and Brooke says she enjoys finding
the best light and angles for dramatic, artsy shots. Together, they aim to be storytellers,
so that couples can relive their special day every time they look at pictures.
“The Golden Isles is quite the wedding destination, and we’re really grateful to live
in a community that helps all couples celebrate their love story,” Brooke says.
Learn more at brookerobertsphotography.com.

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

BROOKE ROBERTS

iSound
Entertainment
It’s not a party until iSound shows up.
iSound brings the beats, the energy,
and the good vibes that turn any
event into a legendary celebration.
From weddings to corporate events
and private parties, the award-winning DJs know exactly how to fill the
dance floor. With customizable
playlists, professional MC services,
and premium sound and lighting
equipment, iSound tailors every
detail to the client’s vision. Want to
turn it up a notch? Live musicians
and interactive photo booths take
the experience to the next level.
Serving Georgia, Florida, the
Carolinas, and beyond, iSound is the
go-to for high-energy entertainment
that leaves guests talking long after
the party’s over. isounddjs.com,
877.634.7725
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 77

JEKYLL ISLAND

Jekyll Island
Club Resort
At Jekyll Island Club Resort, love
stories find their perfect setting.
Consistently recognized as one of
the top wedding venues for couples,
this cherished destination seamlessly
blends historic charm with modern
luxury, ensuring that every couple’s
big day is truly magical. Whether
planning an intimate elopement or
a grand celebration under the stars,
the resort excels at hosting
weddings and special events of all
sizes. With historic cottages,
sun-drenched gardens, mossdraped oaks, serene riverside
sunsets, and sandy shorelines as the
backdrop, Jekyll Island Club Resort
offers the ideal canvas for a dream
coastal Georgia wedding.
jekyllclub.com • 877.212.1898

JEKYLL ISLAND

At The Westin Jekyll Island Beach
Resort, every wedding is a masterpiece
framed by the beauty of Georgia’s
Golden Isles. Guests exchange vows
with the Atlantic Ocean as a
spectacular backdrop, then celebrate in
venues ranging from an intimate
oceanfront courtyard to a sophisticated
ballroom. This beachfront oasis offers
event spaces for every vision—seaside
terraces, observation decks with
panoramic views, and elegant indoor
settings. From the first toast to the last
dance, the experienced wedding team
provides personalized service, flawless
coordination, and exceptional cuisine.
Here, every love story is celebrated with
style, care, and breathtaking
scenery—creating a wedding day as
timeless as each couple’s vows.
westinjekyllisland.com • 912.635.4545
78

BROOKE ROBERTS

Westin Jekyll
Island Beach
Resort

GOLDEN ISLES • WEDDINGS

BRUNSWICK

Reynolds House
Reynolds House—a quaint Victorian gem steeped in history and charm—
provides a perfect setting for life’s meaningful moments: intimate
weddings, rehearsals, showers, and gatherings of any kind. The gleaming
two-story historic home sits behind wrought iron gates, exuding
magnificent curb presence as a true shining Southern splendor. A sister
property to Port City Partners’ Queen and Grant, the home features
a private outdoor garden, a welcoming courtyard, individual bride
and groom suites, dining rooms, front and back verandas, and much
more. The venue can host just under 100 guests for an unforgettable
experience. portcitybrunswick.com/reynoldshouse • 912.254.8600

JEKYLL ISLAND

BRUNSWICK

BROOKE ROBERTS

Queen and Grant
Queen and Grant is an award-winning Golden Isles wedding and event
venue unlike any other. Originally the site of the 19th-century Oglethorpe
Stables, it’s brimming with authentic character. Nestled in the heart of
historic downtown Brunswick—and basking in the stunning architecture
of Old City Hall—the sprawling 20,000-square-foot-plus property
boasts whitewashed brick, soaring ceilings, and lush gardens. The venue
can host up to 500 guests between its enchanting indoor and outdoor
spaces, which include a spectacular grand reception hall. With its
unique blend of history and modern elegance, Queen and Grant is the
ideal site to host weddings, private events, company gatherings, and
more. Thoughtfully designed by Port City Partners, the venue’s careful
renovation earned it the 2024 Excellence in Rehabilitation Award from the
Georgia Trust for Historic Preservation. queenandgrant.com • 912.254.8600
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 79

GUEST
ROOMS

MEETING
ROOMS

MEETING
SQ. FT.

THEATER

BANQUET

CONFERENCE
STYLE

GROUP
MEETINGS

WEDDINGS

A. W. Jones Heritage Center

912.638.4666

N/A

1

1,386

150

140

150

Yes

Yes

Best Western Plus

912.638.7805

61

1

1,934

175

120

100

Yes

Yes

Epworth by the Sea Methodist Conference Center

912.638.8688

234

38

36,000

300

400

900

Yes

Yes

Hampton Inn

912.634.2204

79

1

850

17

17

17

Yes

Wedding & Event Venues
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

The King and Prince Beach & Golf Resort

912.638.3631

196

8

1,000

300

250

220

Yes

Yes

Ocean Lodge

912.291.4300

15

1

600

15

15

10

Yes

Yes

Sea Palms Resort & Conference Center

912.638.3351

83

7

10,000

300

250

200

Yes

Yes

St. Simons Casino Building

912.279.2836

N/A

3

2,583

182

100

84

Yes

Yes

The Lodge at Sea Island

877.907.5698

40

4

3,213

140

90

30

Yes

Yes

877.907.5698

265

10

87,400

500

500

40

Yes

Yes

912.638.7472

16

1

1,000

32

32

32

Yes

Yes

Beachview Club Hotel

912.319.0036

38

2

3,000

300

150

50

Yes

Yes

Holiday Inn Resort

912.635.2211

157

4

3,000

333

200

200

Yes

Yes

Jekyll Island Club Resort

877.212.1898

198

15

14,500

200

130

220

Yes

Yes

Jekyll Island Convention Center

912.635.6400

N/A

17

78,000

3,600

2,000

1,800

Yes

Yes

Villas by the Sea Resort

800.841.6262

140

5

5,500

500

350

300

Yes

Yes

The Westin Jekyll Island

912.635.4545

200

4

5,159

350

200

70

Yes

Yes

Courtyard by Marriott - Exit 38

912.265.2644

93

1

575

45

32

24

Yes

Embassy Suites - Exit 38

912.264.6100

130

5

5,000

200

125

72

Yes

Hampton Inn & Suites - Exit 38

912.261.0939

97

3

2,530

150

150

80

Yes

Hilton Garden Inn - Exit 38

912.267.1111

84

1

1,680

150

120

0

Yes

DoubleTree by Hilton - Exit 38

912.264.3300

103

1

1,350

120

75

0

Yes

Holiday Inn Express - Exit 38

912.267.9999

88

1

320

12

12

12

Yes

Home2 Suites - Exit 38

912.267.1111

175

3

4,500

200

120

80

Yes

Yes

Old City Hall

912.265.4032

N/A

2

2,927

N/A

200

150

Yes

Yes

Queen and Grant

912.254.8600

N/A

1

20,000

500

300

500

Yes

Yes

Residence Inn by Marriott - Exit 38

912.617.8580

112

1

950

60

45

60

Yes

Yes

Reynolds House

912.254.8600

N/A

1

2,092

N/A

N/A

Yes

Yes

Silver Bluff Brewing

912.275.7024

N/A

SEA ISLAND
The Cloister
LITTLE ST. SIMONS ISLAND
The Lodge on Little St. Simons Island
JEKYLL ISLAND

BRUNSWICK

Wedding Vendors

80

A.W. Jones Heritage Center

912.638.4666

coastalgeorgiahistory.org

Brooke Roberts Photography

912.223.8442

brookerobertsphotography.com

Halyards Catering

912.399.0241

halyardscatering.com

iSound Entertainment

877.634.7725

isoundentertainment.com

Lindy Rebro Photography

509.339.5085

lindyrebro.com

String of Pearls

706.255.0975

stringofpearlsssi.com

Three Little Birds Coastal
Catering

912.771.8787

threelittlebirdsssi.com

Yes

Yes

GOLDEN ISLES • WEDDINGS

BRUNSWICK

Silver Bluff
Brewing

D

owntown Brunswick’s premier indoor and
outdoor venue is perfect for celebrating
a wedding, reunion, or corporate event.
The taproom offers 3,000 square feet of
climate-controlled space, while the beer
garden adds more than 3,200 square feet
of open-air charm, perfect for ceremonies,
receptions, or networking under the stars.
Every booking is guided by co-founder Ally
Moline, an expert event planner who ensures
that every event runs seamlessly from start
to finish. With all-inclusive pricing and a

convenient downtown location, Silver Bluff
makes planning easy and unforgettable.
Of course, the drinks at Silver Bluff are as
memorable as the setting, including awardwinning craft beers loved by locals and
visitors alike; curated wines available by tap
or premium case; hard seltzers for crisp, light
refreshment; frozen slushie cocktails that bring
fun and flavor; curated cocktails created
to suit every event; and custom beer flights
and white-label beer options for a premium
touch. Silver Bluff also brews the official beer

of the Golden Isles, Golden Isles IPA, as part
of a beer partnership with the Golden Isles
CVB; it also brews the venue’s flagship Silver
Bluff Mexican Lager, which won silver medals
at both the World Beer Cup and U.S. Open
Beer Championship and has the distinction of
being the only back-to-back Beer of the Year
winner at the Brewski Awards.
Whatever event is around the corner, Silver
Bluff Brewing looks forward to being there to
share a pint and make wonderful memories.
silverbluff.com • 912.275.7024
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 81

ACCOMMODATIONS
Check in and leave the world behind

THE CLOISTER
AT SEA ISLAND

82
90

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

Vacation
Your Way
12 Golden Isles accommodations
for every adventure
Doggone Good Time
Bring your furry family member to the
Artist’s Cottage from Georgia Coast
Realty. This relaxing property offers
outdoor space for you and your pup
to savor, plus nearby restaurants and
attractions to explore on leash.
History in the Making
Spoil yourself in the former home of
Glynn County’s first millionaire. The
historic Strachan Carriage House is a
six-bedroom property close to the pier and
lighthouse, offering a private pool, gardens,
and expansive veranda.

H O D N E T T CO O P E R VAC AT I O N R E N TA L S , L I L M A R P R O P E R T I E S

East Beach Ease
Get away with your sweetie at East Beach
Gem from Hodnett Cooper Vacation
Rentals. Besides the luxurious interior, the
home boasts two relaxing porches, a firepit,
and a heated pool with a hot tub.
Family Vacay
The family will have fun at Real Escapes’
Island Attitude, where six bedrooms plus
common space allow for quality time or
privacy. Enjoy the pool, hot tub, and waterfall,
then serve dinner in a well-appointed cabana.
Ocean Views
Located on East Beach, La Reina from
Lilmar Properties is an oceanfront paradise
of six bedrooms with picturesque porches,
plus a pool and spa. Other amenities include a
putting green, gym, and comfy guest cottage.
Boutique Bliss
With 24 suites, Hotel Simone offers the
comfort of home just steps from the sea.

Relax in your private kitchen and sitting
area, take in views from the rooftop lounge,
and view local art from the hotel’s artist-inresidence program.
Fit for Royalty
At the family-owned King & Prince
Beach & Golf Resort, guests will enjoy
golf on the namesake course, three
swimming pools, two tennis courts, and
other amenities, including ample indoor
and outdoor event space.
A Storied Stay
The Kress Hotel in Brunswick has
evolved through the years, culminating in a
boutique hotel with historic flair. Relax in
a suite with tall windows, enjoy a rooftop
meal at 1509, or take a day trip to the
Golden Isles shores.
Between Sea and Trees
With just 38 rooms, Jekyll Island’s
Beachview Club Hotel is true to its
name. Guests can stroll to the sea,
pass time in a shaded courtyard with a

swimming pool, and sample local seafood
at the on-site restaurant.
A Golden Isles Hub
Just two miles from the airport,
DoubleTree by Hilton Brunswick is
affordable, comfortable, and welcomes
pets. Enjoy dinner and drinks on-site at
Agio Steak and Italian, then reach any
Golden Isles beach in a matter of minutes.
Weekend Escape
Everything for a perfect getaway is at the
Inn by Sea Island: proximity to the St.
Simons shoreline, bikes for exploring the
Village, free breakfast and laundry, and
even a game lounge with food, drinks, and
virtual sports.
Invite Everyone
With one-, two-, and three-bedroom
condos, the whole family can visit Villas
by the Sea Resort. Rent a bike, lounge
by the pool, or explore the Jekyll Island
coastline, including Horton Pond and the
Tupelo Trail.
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 83

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

The King and Prince
Beach & Golf Resort

F

or more than nine decades, The
King and Prince Beach & Golf Resort
has been a cherished destination on
St. Simons Island, blending gracious
Southern hospitality with timeless coastal
charm. Named one of the South’s best
hotels by Southern Living, this Atlantic
Oceanfront resort offers a range of
accommodations, from beachfront
rooms with private balconies to spacious
villas, as well as private cottages, each
designed for comfort and a seamless
connection to the sea.
Days here can be as relaxed or as
active as guests choose. They can stroll
the shoreline, bike along the beach, or
paddleboard across sparkling waters.
They can unwind beside one of five
oceanfront and heated pools or tee off at
The King and Prince Golf Club, celebrated
as one of Georgia’s top public-access

84

courses by Golfweek. As the sun dips
low, there’s nothing like claiming a bench
swing overlooking the beach and watch
the sky transform.
Guests savor Southern coastal flavors
at ECHO, St. Simons’ only oceanfront
restaurant, with both indoor and al fresco
seating. In the mornings, Cottage Custard
+ Coffee is perfect for fresh brews, frozen
custard, and cozy fireside chats while little
ones explore the castle playground.
Just minutes away, guests discover
the island’s historic sites, boutique
shopping, and vibrant dining scene. As
a proud member of the Historic Hotels of
America, The King and Prince continues
to welcome couples, families, wedding
parties, and groups who return year after
year for the same reason: there’s simply
nothing like it. kingandprince.com •
800.342.0212

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Georgia
Coast Realty
St. Simons Island–based
Georgia Coast Realty not only
knows real estate but also the
Golden Isles. As one of the
premier real estate companies
in coastal Georgia, they’ve built
a solid reputation for excellent
service. The proof is in their many
satisfied clients. Georgia Coast
Realty’s real estate professionals
have more than 90 years of
combined experience with buying
and selling, vacation rentals,
long-term rentals, and property
management. The pros take
care of business for every guest
so they can take time to explore
the Georgia coast with peace
of mind. gacoastrealty.com •
912.638.1144

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Village Inn and Pub
Nestled within the Historic Village on St. Simons
Island and surrounded by 300-year-old live
oak trees sits the Village Inn and Pub. The
inn brings refined accommodations to the
charming coastal community of St. Simons
Island. Guests can enjoy being within walking
distance of the island’s best shops and restaurants, a refreshing swimming pool and terrace,
and live music at an English-inspired pub
featuring a solid mahogany bar imported from
England. villageinnandpub.com • 912.634.6056
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 85

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Hampton Inn

W

hether visitors are in town on
business or for pleasure, they love
the many comforts of the freshly renovated Hampton Inn St. Simons Island,
along with its convenient central location. The full-scale renovations feature
new furnishings throughout, a selection
of works by local artists, and a sweet
shop stocked with an array of favorite
treats. The cheerful lobby, complete with
cookies and coffee, makes everyone feel
welcome right away. The spacious, clean,
and comfortable rooms help guests relax
and enjoy every minute of their stay.
From the hotel, visitors can walk to
some of the island’s best restaurants and
shopping, including the popular Redfern
Village, which is filled with specialty shops,
unique dining, and a lively nightlife and

86

music scene. Before venturing out, guests
can enjoy a complimentary breakfast.
Then, they can drive south to Pier Village
and Neptune Park or east to the beaches.
Heading west leads to Morningstar Marinas for a day on the water, while going
north takes visitors to more dining and
shopping. Everything is minutes away.
Those planning a business event can
access a multifunction meeting room and
business center. For weddings or family
get-togethers, out-of-town guests will
appreciate all the conveniences and
hospitality, including fitness facilities. And
for all visitors, no matter their reason for
booking, friendly Hampton team members will do everything possible to make
a stay at the hotel fun and memorable.
hamptoninn3.hilton.com • 912.634.2204

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Queens Court Inn
N

estled among the sprawling live oak
trees in the heart of the St. Simons
Island Pier Village, Queens Court Inn is
an iconic vintage motel with a treasured
past. The 23-room motel has been a
focal point of St. Simons Island since
1948, and many who visited the island
as young children fondly remember their
family vacations at Queens Court Inn.
Refreshed rooms offer vibrant pops of
color and artwork that takes cues from
nature while evoking fun for all ages. For
longer stays, guests can book a one- or
two-bedroom suite equipped with a
kitchenette, refrigerator, microwave,
ovens, cooktops, and more. Sitting areas
with sleeper sofas provide a relaxing area
for families to unwind after a full day of
exploring and enjoying the Golden Isles.
The historic motel’s makeover extends
to the surroundings, with the addition of an
open grill and firepit. The shaded courtyard

pool with a breeze-block privacy fence is a
favorite with guests, who also can relax on
outdoor terraces under the majestic oak
trees and admire the legendary St. Simons
Island tree spirit peering out.
Queens Court Inn is conveniently
located a few blocks from the ocean in
the St. Simons Island Pier area. The St.
Simons Lighthouse Museum, Neptune
Park Fun Zone, miniature golf, Casino
Theatre, and other attractions are within
walking distance. Guests are close to
dozens of restaurants serving local seafood, shops and boutiques with perfect
mementos to commemorate a visit, public parks with playgrounds and ample
room for little ones to run, and stretches
of beach perfect for morning walks and
sunny afternoons. In fact, with everything
so close, guests may not need to get
back in their car until it’s time to leave.
queenscourtinn.com • 912.268.4966
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 87

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Lilmar Vacations

W

elcome to Lilmar Vacations,
where luxury, coastal charm,
and unforgettable experiences blend
seamlessly. Nestled in the heart of the
Golden Isles, St. Simons Island invites
visitors to make lasting memories in a place
that feels like home—only better.
Lilmar Vacations doesn’t just offer rentals;
it crafts experiences. With a curated
selection of oceanfront condos and
exquisite homes, the company provides
spaces that elevate every moment of a

88

vacation. From basking in the sun on the
beach to relaxing in a private pool, every
stay is nothing short of extraordinary.
For years, Lilmar Vacations has been
the trusted name in St. Simons Island
getaways, helping countless guests
discover the magic of the Golden Isles.
The signature “Lilmar Difference” is evident
in every property, offering impeccable
cleanliness, personalized service, and
thoughtful touches that go beyond
expectations, including custom kitchen kits,

NEST soaps, and dedicated beach gear for
every adventure.
From family gatherings to serene retreats,
Lilmar Vacations delivers the ultimate
getaway, with concierge services that take
care of the details so guests can focus on
what matters most: enjoying the island and
the people they’re with.
Discover St. Simons Island like never
before. Lilmar Vacations awaits, ready to
make every escape unforgettable.
lilmarvacations.com • 912.771.8099

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

JEKYLL ISLAND

Westin Jekyll
Island Beach
Resort
Ocean breezes. Golden sunsets. Endless
exploration. At The Westin Jekyll Island
Beach Resort, every detail inspires a perfect
coastal getaway. Steps from the Jekyll
Island Convention Center and minutes from
Driftwood Beach, the newly renovated
oceanfront retreat blends Southern charm
with upscale amenities. Guests dine on
fresh coastal fare from James Beard Award
nominee Chef Lindsay Autry, relax by the
beachfront pool, or cycle along 20 miles of
island bike paths. They also can keep their
wellness routine in the WestinWORKOUT
Fitness Studio or with a guided RunWESTIN
experience. The resort’s complimentary
shuttle makes it easy to reach golf courses,
the tennis center, and island landmarks.
From sunrise runs to sunset swims, the
perfect Jekyll Island adventure begins here—
where every stay feels effortlessly refined.
westinjekyllisland.com • 912.635.4545

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Hotel Simone
A modern coastal gem tucked within the
historic beauty of St. Simons Island, Hotel
Simone is a boutique spot boasting 24
king suites with proximity to the beach.
Thoughtfully designed for business and leisure travelers, each suite is outfitted with a
full-size refrigerator, wet bar, and spacious
bathroom with accessibility features. Additional highlights include defined spaces
for evening sleep and daytime activities,
as well as vibrant decor meant to evoke
coastal whimsy. Guests can discover chic
furnishings throughout, hand-selected in
partnership with locally owned Dutchman
Designs. Amenities include a rooftop dip
pool, fitness center, complimentary beach
bicycles, and daily breakfast, as well as
regular entertainment in the lobby. Located
just steps from the Atlantic Ocean, Hotel
Simone provides a private and contemporary experience within the idyllic Golden
Isles. hotelsimonessi.com • 912.357.5500
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 89

BRUNSWICK

Holiday Inn Express,
Fairfield Inn & Suites, and
La Quinta Inn & Suites
When planning a Golden Isles getaway, three Brunswick hotels put
guests right where they need to be—just off I-95 for quick access to
beaches, dining, and attractions. The Holiday Inn Express by IHG
(88 rooms), the only IHG property in Brunswick; the Fairfield Inn by
Marriott (80 rooms); and the La Quinta by Wyndham (88 rooms) all
offer new, modern rooms designed for comfort and convenience.
Each hotel features a spacious fitness center, refreshing pool, and
warm Southern hospitality. La Quinta also includes a large outdoor
area perfect for pets, along with an on-site bar serving beer and
wine. Wherever travelers choose to stay, they will find the perfect
home base for exploring the Golden Isles. pmehospitality.com

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Real Escapes
Properties
Visitors enjoy first-class
service and genuine Southern
hospitality when planning their
next getaway to St. Simons
Island with accommodation
specialists at Real Escapes
Properties. It’s no wonder
why the company’s motto is
“You already have a friend
on the island.” Guests fall
in love with Real Escapes
Properties’ St. Simons vacation
rentals, from cozy cottages
and luxury homes to stunning
condos and much more.
Whether buying or selling, Real
Escapes Properties can assist
with all real estate needs.
realescapesproperties.com •
855.634.1667
90

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

JEKYLL ISLAND

Jekyll Island Club Resort

A

n icon reimagined stands as the
epitome of timeless elegance in
Georgia’s Golden Isles. Newly renovated, the resort seamlessly blends
Southern charm with rich history, offering
captivating grounds, exquisite dining,
inviting pools, and oceanfront access for
a truly immersive experience.
Guests can indulge in three distinct resort experiences: the historic Jekyll Island
Club, the serene and secluded Island Cottages, or the beachfront luxury of Jekyll
Ocean Club. Each location offers a unique
escape, whether it’s the Gilded Age
opulence of the Club, the tranquil retreat
of the Cottages, or the modern coastal
sophistication of the Ocean Club.

The resort’s seven dining venues
provide a culinary journey like no other.
Guests can savor Victorian elegance
at the AAA Four Diamond Grand Dining
Room, enjoy Southern coastal fare at
Eighty Ocean Kitchen and Bar, or relax
with handcrafted cocktails at Alexander
Bar and Lounge. For more casual options, there’s outdoor dining at the Pool
House, sunset feasts at the Wharf with
live music and stunning views, and the
Beach Pavilion, offering delicious fare
with breathtaking oceanfront views.
Everyone can discover the enchanting
coastal allure and historic charm of Jekyll
Island Club Resort, an icon reimagined.
jekyllclub.com • 877.212.1898
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 91

JEKYLL ISLAND

Jekyll Ocean Club
Guests are invited to experience a
beachfront sanctuary at Jekyll Ocean
Club, an exclusive all-suite retreat that
extends the Southern hospitality of
Jekyll Island Club Resort. Embracing
the essence of coastal elegance, this
luxury boutique hotel has earned the
prestigious AAA Four Diamond Award,
making it the perfect beachside escape
for romantic getaways and family
vacations alike. The Ocean Club offers
40 beautifully appointed beachfront
suites, each featuring separate living
areas, private balconies or patios,
and stunning views of the Golden Isles
coastline. Guests can relax in the
seaside pool, take in the panoramic
scenery from the Oceanview Terrace,
savor Southern cuisine at Eighty Ocean
Kitchen and Bar, or enjoy a handcrafted
cocktail on the rooftop deck under the
stars. jekyllclub.com • 888.895.9639

JEKYLL ISLAND

Villas by the Sea Resort
Located adjacent to Driftwood Beach on Jekyll Island, Villas by
the Sea Resort and Conference Center makes guests feel right
at home. Affordable and comfortable, this resort-style hotel
is ideal for a family vacation, meeting, or romantic getaway.
The 9,000-square-foot conference center means any event
will be a memorable affair. The resort’s beautiful and uniquely
appointed condominium-hotel villas are a Jekyll Island tradition. Guests can easily relax and unwind; from bike rentals,
beachside volleyball, and a large outdoor pool to an on-site
restaurant with a lounge, the resort has it all. Everyone can
enjoy the views and ocean breezes from the beach pavilion
and oceanfront boardwalk. Nightly, weekly, and group rates
are available. villasbythesearesort.com • 800.841.6262
92

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

ST. SIMONS
ISLAND
JEKYLL
ISLAND

Westin
SeaThe
Palms
Resort
Jekyll Island

N

estled in the heart of St. Simons Island,
Sea Palms Resort is surrounded by
nature, tranquility, and breathtaking coastal
scenery. The resort’s newly reimagined and
fully renovated accommodations provide
guests with stunning marsh views, ensuring
a serene and comfortable stay for all who
visit. Guests can enjoy a round of golf on
the resort’s signature 18-hole course, where
the lush green fairways and challenging
holes create an exceptional golfing
experience. Dining at Sago is a culinary
delight, with Southern and coastal-inspired
dishes served in both relaxed indoor and
charming outdoor settings.
Sea Palms Resort is also an ideal
destination for weddings and outdoor
gatherings, offering picturesque settings that
create unforgettable memories. Whether
guests envision a romantic ceremony in an

intimate courtyard or a lively reception by
the marsh at Square 67, the resort provides
beautiful spaces to make the special day
extraordinary. The resort’s fully functional and
equipped meeting spaces, along with on-site
catering services, make it an exceptional
venue for hosting events of all kinds, from
corporate meetings to family reunions.
For those looking to immerse themselves
in the Sea Palms lifestyle, club memberships
are available, offering exclusive benefits
and access to an array of amenities, private
events, and special offers. Whether someone
is planning a romantic getaway, a family
vacation, or a momentous event, Sea Palms
Resort invites everyone to explore all the
possibilities it has to offer. Guests can contact
the resort today to discover the perfect
setting for their next visit or celebration.
seapalms.com • 912.638.3351
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 93

JEKYLL ISLAND

Beachview
Club Hotel
The team at this “Best of Georgia” winner
welcomes guests to a private and idyllic
hideaway along the pristine shores of
Jekyll Island. Beneath a canopy of
century-old live oaks, Beachview Club
is perfect for a secluded escape on an
uncrowded stretch of beach. Rooms surround a sparkling pool and shady courtyard, and outdoor seating areas beckon
with the sights and relaxing sounds of the
Atlantic. Guests are invited to experience
true rest and relaxation here. Unveiling in
early 2027, the new Tapestry Collection
by Hilton hotel, the Beachview Club, features award-winning service that caters
to every need and offers a variety of
accommodation packages from which to
choose. The hotel can’t wait to welcome
guests to experience the art of hospitality.
beachviewclubjekyll.com • 912.635.2256

JEKYLL ISLAND
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Strachan Carriage House
Featured in Coastal Living magazine, the historic Strachan Carriage
House on St. Simons Island offers spacious luxury for family and friends
year round. Six bedrooms accommodate up to 12 adults, with daybeds
and trundles for young guests. Perks include a heated pool, outdoor
grill, and gated parking, as well as convenient proximity to both the
village and the beach. stsimonscarriagehouse.com • 404.261.1352
94

Days Inn & Suites
The award-winning oceanfront Days Inn & Suites puts visitors near Jekyll
Island’s many attractions while offering a welcoming stay with plenty
of comfortable and convenient amenities. Guests can choose from an
island-side or ocean-facing room, take advantage of the hotel’s great
beach access, take a swim in one of two pools, hit the snack shack for
refreshments, and much more. A hot breakfast has everyone ready to
start their day on the barrier island. daysinnjekyll.com • 912.635.9800

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Hodnett
Cooper
Vacation
Rentals
T

here’s no better place
to unwind, explore, and
make lasting memories than
the Golden Isles, and Hodnett
Cooper Vacation Rentals makes
it effortless. Whether guests are
looking for an oceanfront condo
or a spacious home for gathering
with loved ones, the perfect
place is waiting.
With over 300 properties across
St. Simons Island and Jekyll
Island, Hodnett Cooper is the
largest and most experienced
vacation rental company in the
Golden Isles. Each property is
ideally located to help visitors
connect with the area’s natural
beauty, historic charm, and lively
communities. Plus, beach gear is
included seasonally, like beach
chairs, bikes, and more, making
every stay easy and fun.
For guests seeking extra
luxury, Hodnett Cooper’s Premier
properties offer an exclusive
collection of handpicked
properties with standout
amenities, such as spacious floor
plans, private outdoor spaces,
beachfront views, private pools,
and more. When booking with
Hodnett Cooper Premier, guests
gain access to a local, highly
skilled concierge team. This
team expertly curates every
detail of the trip, from dining to
unique excursions, allowing each
guest the opportunity to truly
relax and soak up everything
the Golden Isles has to offer.
hodnettcooper.com • 912.617.9195
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 95

ST. SIMONS ISLAND

The Inn by
Sea Island
They say location is everything.
The Inn by Sea Island’s desirable
setting in the heart of St. Simons
Island puts guests within easy
access to historic sites, beaches,
shopping, and dining. The Inn offers casual, comfortable lodging
that’s perfect for families, golfers,
and wedding parties. Spacious,
airy rooms invite relaxation along
with the heated outdoor pool.
Complimentary amenities include
breakfast, bicycles, a fitness
center, and a laundry room onsite. Plus, visitors enjoy access to
three championship golf courses
at Sea Island when booking the
Sea Island Golf Package.
theinnbyseaisland.com •
877.907.5698

LITTLE ST. SIMONS ISLAND

The Lodge
on Little St.
Simons Island
Remote and remarkable, the Lodge on
Little St. Simons Island is beloved for its
natural beauty and gracious hospitality.
The all-inclusive ecolodge is the gateway
to the island’s 11,000 acres of wilderness
and seven miles of undeveloped beach
and provides guided adventures and timeless accommodations. Guests are invited to
experience the island where nature is the
luxury. littlessi.com • 888.733.5774
96

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

BRUNSWICK

Embassy Suites by Hilton
Embassy Suites by Hilton Brunswick helps guests make new
memories. In addition to spacious two-room suites, visitors enjoy free
made-to-order breakfast and more during their stay. Each night,
guests are treated to an evening reception with two complimentary
drinks per person. E’terie Bar and Grill is the social hub within the
atrium. And with 5,000 square feet of meeting space, full-service
catering, and a hotel shuttle that offers easy access to Brunswick
Golden Isles Airport, Embassy Suites is perfect for every event.
brunswick.embassysuites.com • 912.264.6100

BRUNSWICK

Blythe Island Campground
Golden Isles visitors experience nature at its finest in this beautiful,
family-friendly park located in Brunswick. With 97 full hookup RV sites
surrounded by a lovely canopy of trees, Blythe Island Regional Park
offers campers a unique and relaxing outdoor experience. The park
features trails, saltwater and freshwater fishing, pavilions, a marina and
boat launch, and friendly “Blythe Island bunnies.” Reservation requests
can be made online. glynncounty.org/blytheisland • 912.279.2812

JEKYLL ISLAND

JEKYLL ISLAND

Holiday Inn Resort
At Holiday Inn Resort Jekyll Island, every stay feels like a getaway. Guests
enjoy oceanfront views, spacious rooms, and family-friendly amenities
that make it easy to relax or explore. They soak up the sun by the pool,
stroll along the beach, and savor fresh coastal cuisine at 24 Coastal Grill.
With its welcoming vibe and panoramic Atlantic backdrop, the resort is
the perfect place to create lasting memories on Jekyll Island.
holidayinnresortjekyll.com • 912.635.2211

Courtyard & Residence
Inn by Marriott
From sun-soaked beach days to island adventures, Jekyll Island offers
something for everyone. The Courtyard/Residence Inn by Marriott is
the perfect oceanfront retreat, with spacious accommodations
featuring kitchens, stunning Atlantic views, and inviting on-site dining.
Guests can unwind by the shore, explore nearby landmarks, or gather
in versatile event spaces ideal for weddings, celebrations, and
corporate meetings. courtyardjekyll.com • 912.635.2416;
residenceinnjekyll.com • 912.635.2764
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 97

The King and Prince Beach & Golf Resort

912.638.3631

201 Arnold Rd.

kingandprince.com

Sea Palms Resort

912.638.3351

515 N. Windward Dr.

seapalms.com

Best Western Plus

912.638.7805

301 Main St.

bwpstsimons.com

Epworth by the Sea

912.638.8688

100 Arthur J. Moore Dr.

epworthbythesea.com

Hampton Inn

912.634.2204

22004 Demere Rd.

hilton.com/en/hampton

Holiday Inn Express

912.634.2175

299 Main St.

hiexstsimons.com

Home2 Suites by Hilton

912.638.0333

105 Terminal Way

explorehome2suites.com

Hotel Simone

912.357.5500

1200 Ocean Blvd.

hotelsimonessi.com

The Inn by Sea Island

888.974.8078

100 Salt Marsh Dr.

seaisland.com/stay/the-inn/

Ocean Inn and Suites

912.634.2122

599 Beachview Dr.

oceaninnandsuites.com

Ocean Lodge

912.291.4300

935 Beachview Dr.

oceanlodgeresort.com

The Park

912.255.4777

420 Park Ave.

theparkssi.com

Queens Court Inn

912.268.4966

437 Kings Way

queenscourtinn.com

Saint Simons Inn by the Lighthouse

912.638.1101

609 Beachview Dr.

stsimonsinn.com

Sea Gate Inn

912.638.8661

1015 Beachview Dr.

seagatessi.com

Village Inn & Pub

888.635.6111

500 Mallery St.

villageinnandpub.com

American Dream Realty

912.638.6092

1331 Ocean Blvd., Ste. 1

americandreamssi.com

Beach Club St. Simons by Hodnett Cooper

912.638.4750

1440 Ocean Blvd.

hodnettcooper.com

Belinda Thomas Realty

912.638.1965

1331 Ocean Blvd., Ste. 102

spiritofstsimons.com

Captain’s Bluff

912.258.2161

300 Stevens Rd.

captainsbluff.com

Coastal Real Estate

912.638.0033

Covenant Property Management

912.255.4777

544 Ocean Blvd.

covenantssi.com

Emmons Realty

912.230.5136

215 Mallery St.

emmonsrealty.com

Georgia Beach Rentals, LLC

912.268.4543

613 Beachview Dr.

georgiabeachrentals.com

Georgia Coast Realty

912.638.1144

105 Main St.

gacoastrealty.com

Golden Isles Getaways

912.268.0402

Golden Isles Realty Company

912.638.8623

330 Mallery St.

goldenislesrealty.com

Hodnett Cooper Vacation Rentals

912.638.4750

520 Ocean Blvd.

hodnettcooper.com

Lighthouse Vacation Rentals

912.244.7229

545 Ocean Blvd.

lighthousevacations.com

Lilmar Properties

912.771.8099

110 Island Professional Park

lilmarvacations.com

North Breakers Condominiums by Hodnett Cooper

912.638.4750

1470 Wood Ave.

hodnettcooper.com

Real Escapes Properties

855.634.1667

406 Ocean Blvd.

realescapesproperties.com

Salt Air Villas by Hodnett Cooper

912.638.4750

150 Salt Air Dr.

hodnettcooper.com

Shipwatch Condominiums by Hodnett Cooper

912.638.4750

1524 Wood Ave.

hodnettcooper.com

St. Simons Grand by Hodnett Cooper

912.638.4750

1400 Ocean Blvd.

hodnettcooper.com

The Strachan Carriage House

404.261.1352

414 Butler Ave.

stsimonscarriagehouse.com

Vacasa

866.308.0901

220 B Redfern Village., Ste. B vacasa.com

912.434.6292

1602 Demere Rd.

greyowlinn.com

The Cloister at Sea Island

877.907.5698

100 Cloister Dr.

seaisland.com

The Lodge at Sea Island

877.907.5698

100 Retreat Ave.

seaisland.com

888.974.8078

351 Sea Island Rd.

seaislandcottages.com

Beachview Club Hotel

912.635.2256

721 N. Beachview Dr.

beachviewclubjekyll.com

Best Western Plus

912.635.2202

700 N. Beachview Dr.

bestwesternplus.com

Courtyard & Residence Inn

912.635.2416

178 S. Beachview Dr.

marriott.com

Days Inn & Suites

912.635.9800

60 S. Beachview Dr.

daysinnjekyll.com

Hampton Inn & Suites

912.635.3733

200 S. Beachview Dr.

hamptoninn3.hilton.com

Home2 Suites by Hilton

912.319.6019

101 Ocean Way

home2jekyll.com

Jekyll Ocean Club

888.895.9639

80 Ocean Way

jekyllclub.com

Villas by the Sea Resort

800.841.6262

1175 N. Beachview Dr.

villasbythesearesort.com

The Westin Jekyll Island

912.635.4545

110 Ocean Way

westinjekyllisland.com

Hotels & Motels

Vacation Rentals

coastalrealestateinc.com

goldenislesgetaways.com

Bed & Breakfasts
The Grey Owl Inn
SEA ISLAND
Resorts

Vacation Rentals
Sea Island Cottage Rentals
JEKYLL ISLAND
Hotels & Motels

98

MEETING SPACE

FITNESS CENTER

PET-FRIENDLY

WIFI

BEACHVIEW

BEACHFRONT

SUITES

KITCHEN

ON-SITE BAR

ROOM SERVICE

ST. SIMONS ISLAND
Resorts

ON-SITE DINING

POOL

Accommodations

Holiday Inn Resort

912.635.2211
877.212.1898

701 N. Beachview Dr.
371 Riverview Dr.

holidayinnresortjekyll.com
jekyllclub.com

912.635.3301
912.635.2512

21 Main St., Ste. 107
21 Main St., Ste. 103

jekyllrealty.com
parker-kaufman.com

912.635.3021
706.284.3247

1197 Riverview Dr.
Departs from Jekyll
Island Marina

jekyllisland.com
littleraccoonkey.com

912.638.7472

1000 Hampton River
Club Marina Dr.

littlessi.com

912.261.0118
912.267.0800
912.265.1114
912.264.4266
912.342.4617
912.580.4400
912.267.6442
912.264.2888
912.265.2644
912.456.2620
912.264.3300
912.554.0455
800.432.3229
912.264.2060
912.689.3003
912.264.6767
912.261.0939

325 Palisade Dr.
105 Center Dr.
126 Venture Dr.
3241 Glynn Ave.
25 Ashton Dr.
220 Gateway Center Blvd.
110 Center Dr.
211 Gateway Center Blvd.
580 Millennium Blvd.
5033 New Jesup Hwy.
138 Glynco Pkwy.
171 Palisade Dr.
500 Mall Blvd.
107 Gateway Center Blvd.
5308 New Jesup Hwy.
150 Venture Dr.
128 Venture Dr.

sonesta.com
baymontinns.com
bwplusbrunswickga.com

475 Millenium Blvd.
236 Gateway Center Blvd.
475 Millenium Blvd.
1505 Newcastle St
100 Capital Square Dr.
3040 Scarlett St.
230 Warren Mason Blvd.
125 Venutre Dr.
25 Tourist Dr.
116 Gateway Center Blvd.
200 Stellar Dr.
5280 New Jesup Hwy.
211 Palisade Dr.
2300 Perry Lane Rd.
149 Gateway Center Blvd.

hamptoninn.com

TownePlace Suites by Marriott

912.267.1111
912.267.9999
912.267.1111
912.456.3463
912.263.3000
912.275.7276
912.261.0002
912.266.8104
937.328.1619
912.617.8580
912.266.8103
912.264.8800
912.289.8726
912.264.8666
912.617.9500

Tru by Hilton

912.456.1234

310 Frontage Rd

Wingate by Wyndham Brunswick

912.265.7725

165 Warren Mason Blvd.

WoodSpring Suites

912.689.3001

5323 New Jesup Hwy.

hilton.com
holidayinn.com
kressbrunswick.com
lq.com
motel6.com
theparagon.us
qualityinn.com
redroofbrunswick.com
marriott.com
sleepinn.com
super8.com
super8.com
bestwestern.com
marriott.com
hilton.com/en/hotels/
bqkbrru-tru-brunswick/
wyndhamhotels.com/
wingate
woodspring.com

912.265.6889
912.996.9100
912.264.4262

825 Egmont St.
1001 Egmont St.
728 Union St.

brunswickmanor.com
mckinnonhousebandb.com
watershill.com

912.289.9068
912.279.2812
912.264.3869
912.261.1025

101 Vernon Lewis Rd.
6616 Blythe Island Pkwy.
287 S. Port Pkwy.
7445 Blythe Island Hwy.

glynncounty.org
glynncounty.org
coastalgaresort.com
southernretreatrvpark.com

Jekyll Island Club Resort

MEETING SPACE

FITNESS CENTER

PET-FRIENDLY

WIFI

BEACHVIEW

BEACHFRONT

SUITES

KITCHEN

ON-SITE BAR

POOL

JEKYLL ISLAND
Resorts

ROOM SERVICE

Accommodations

ON-SITE DINING

GOLDEN ISLES • ACCOMMODATIONS

Vacation Rentals
Golden Key Concierge
Jekyll Realty
Parker Kaufman
Camping & RV
Jekyll Island Campground
Little Raccoon Key
LITTLE ST. SIMONS ISLAND
Resorts
The Lodge on Little St. Simons Island

BRUNSWICK
Hotels & Motels
America’s Best Value Inn & Suites
Baymont by Wyndham
Best Western Plus Inn & Suites
Budget Motel
Comfort Suites Brunswick
Comfort Suites Golden Isles Gateway
Concorde Suites
Country Inn & Suites by Radisson
Courtyard by Marriott
Days Inn
DoubleTree by Hilton
Econo Lodge - South
Embassy Suites by Hilton
Fairfield Inn & Suites
Four Points by Sheraton
Guest Cottage & Suites
Hampton Inn & Suites
Hilton Garden Inn
Holiday Inn Express
Home2 Suites
The Kress
La Quinta Inn & Suites
Motel 6
The Paragon Hotel
Quality Inn & Suites
Red Roof Inn
Residence Inn by Marriott
Sleep Inn & Suites
Super 8 by Wyndham
Super 8 by Wyndham Brunswick South/1-95
Sure Stay Hotel

choicehotels.com
choicehotels.com
concordesuites.com
countryinns.com
marriott.com/bqkcy
daysinn341.com
doubletree.com
choicehotels.com
brunswick.embassysuites.com
marriott.com/bqkfi
marriott.com
guestsuitesbrunswickga.com
brunswicksuites.

Bed & Breakfasts
Brunswick Manor
McKinnon House Bed & Breakfast
WatersHill Bed & Breakfast
Camping & RV
Altamaha Regional Park
Blythe Island Park & Campground
Coastal GA RV Resort
Southern Retreat RV Park

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 99

WELCOME TO
THE GOLDEN ISLES

Located on St. Simons Island in the heart of Pier Village, the Welcome Center has everything you need to make the most of your
time in the Golden Isles. Our knowledgeable team will help you plan a memorable experience and provide friendly, local insights.
While you’re here, explore the work of local artisans, peruse books, or purchase a locally crafted gift or official Golden Isles gear at
the Gift Shop. The Welcome Center is also the only place offering year-round access to the official logo gear of the RSM
Classic, the Golden Isles’ own stop on the PGA TOUR. 529 Beachview Drive, St. Simons Island • goldenisles.com • 912.638.9014

100 0
1

GOLDEN ISLES • RESOURCES

Gateway to the
Golden Isles
Brunswick offers a warm welcome to the coastal region

DENNIS WELSH

A

s you consider putting down roots in Georgia’s majestic Golden
Isles, make Brunswick your home base for exploring its rich
history. With easy access to major thoroughfares like I-95 and U.S.
Highway 341 and a variety of activities and accommodations for every
type of traveler, this mainland city and “Gateway to the Golden Isles”
is the perfect first stop on your trip to this coastal wonderland.
Once you arrive in Brunswick, unwind at one of the city’s top namebrand hotels known for their stellar Southern hospitality, well-appointed rooms, and prized amenities. For a charming and distinctly
local experience, opt for a cozy stay at the Kress Brunswick. Housed
in a former department store, the recently renovated luxury property
in the city’s historic district is outfitted with vintage decor, brick-lined
walls, and a rooftop restaurant with sweeping views.

After resting up, get to know the area with tours of its beloved
historical sites and top attractions. Start with the Signature Squares of
Brunswick, a network of the port city’s 14 original town squares, now
thriving greenspaces. Then explore other iconic spots around the Isles,
including Hofwyl-Broadfield Plantation, the St. Simons Lighthouse,
and the Jekyll Island Club. After your journey through this stunning
and storied landscape, you’ll want to put down permanent roots in the
Golden Isles.

BRUNSWICK

Glynn County
The Glynn County Board of Commissioners
welcomes visitors to Glynn County, one of
the original eight counties in the state of
Georgia. The local government is committed
to cultivating a culture of service excellence
and promoting and ensuring safety through
proactive engagement and preparedness
while building a connected community
where families can live, work, and play.
The county’s rich heritage is the foundation
of who the residents are, and they proudly honor
it while embracing the present and looking
forward to a vibrant future. The board invites everyone to experience the blend of tradition and
progress that makes Glynn County truly special.
From strolling through historic streets to
enjoying modern amenities, visitors feel the
warmth of a community dedicated to wellbeing. Glynn County works every day to create a welcoming environment for all. Visitors
are invited to come and discover a place
where history, innovation, and community
come together seamlessly. glynncounty.org
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 101

Real Estate

Lovely Lane Chapel

Sacred
Sanctuaries

BHHS Hodnett Cooper
Real Estate

912.638.5450

bhhshodnettcooper.com

D.R. Horton

843.929.6468

drhorton.com

Georgia Coast Realty

912.638.1144

gacoastrealty.com

Port City Lofts

912.254.8600

portcitybrunswick.com

Port City Partners

912.254.8600

portcitybrunswick.com

Real Escapes Properties

912.634.1667

realescapesproperties.com

Rebecca Strother Realtor

912.223.1946

duckworthproperties.com

Additional Resources
Downtown Development Authority 912.265.4032

brunswickdda.com

Golden Isles Film Society

912.242.9082

goldenislesfilmsociety.org

St. Simons Land Trust

912.638.9109

sslt.org

Worship
ST. SIMONS ISLAND

Faith has been a stronghold in the Golden Isles since its settlement. In
fact, churches were some of the earliest public buildings on St. Simons
Island. Gothic-style Christ Church, Frederica was the first, hosting
continuous worship in the parish since 1736. The oldest Black church
on St. Simons Island, First African Baptist Church, was organized
in 1859 and built 10 years later by former slaves of the St. Simons
plantations. The oldest standing church building on St. Simons Island is
Lovely Lane Chapel at Epworth by the Sea, built in 1880. It’s a popular
wedding venue but also hosts a 30-minute church service every Sunday.
The area’s 30-plus houses of worship are markers of architecture
representing all types of denominations, as well as welcoming
sanctuaries for all worshippers seeking a spiritual experience.

Christ Church, Frederica

6329 Frederica Rd.

912.638.8683

Christian Renewal Church

6530 Frederica Rd.

912.638.4918

Community Church

2700 Frederica Rd.

912.634.2960

Emmanuel Baptist Church

1010 Old Jesup Rd.

912.264.3287

First African Baptist Church

5800 Frederica Rd.

912.638.5539

First Baptist Church

729 Ocean Blvd.

912.638.3337

Fort Frederica Presbyterian Church

6540 Frederica Rd.

912.634.2240

Frederica Baptist Church

65 Marsh’s Edge Ln.

912.634.2833

Golden Isles Presbyterian Church

48 Hampton Point Dr.

912.638.2563

Holy Nativity Episcopal

615 Mallery St.

912.638.3733

Lord of Life Lutheran Church

2801 Frederica Rd.

912.638.4673

Lovely Lane Chapel

100 Arthur J. Moore Dr. 912.638.8688

St. Ignatius Episcopal Chapel

2906 Demere Rd.

912.638.8683

St. Simons United Methodist Church

624 Ocean Blvd.

912.638.3317

St. Simons Presbyterian Church

205 Kings Way

912.638.2220

St. Williams Catholic Church

2300 Frederica Rd.

912.638.2647

Wesley Church at Frederica

6520 Frederica Rd.

912.634.1412

JEKYLL ISLAND

Education

Faith Chapel

1408 Schoolhouse Ln.

912.635.4403

Jekyll Island Baptist Church

501 Riverview Dr.

912.635.2355

BRUNSWICK

Jekyll Island Catholic Church

503 Riverview Dr.

912.265.3249

Jekyll Island United Methodist Church

503 Riverview Dr.

912.635.2330

Jekyll Presbyterian Community Church

475 Riverview Dr.

912.635.2123

100 Cloister Dr.

877.907.5698

912.265.3800

College of Coastal Georgia

912.279.5700

ccga.edu

Wellness

SEA ISLAND
The Cloister Chapel

ST. SIMONS ISLAND
St. Simons Immediate Care Center 912.466.5900

sghs.org

BRUNSWICK

Polished Providers

thepolishedproviders.com

Bethel Evangel Community Church

801 I St.

Christian Renewal Church

4265 Norwich Street Ext. 912.264.0028

912.504.7582

Community Church

181 Mall Blvd.

912.634.2960

Addington Place of Brunswick

912.265.0225

seniorlifestyle.com

First Baptist Church of Brunswick

1311 Union St.

912.265.4150

Glynco Immediate Care Center

912.466.5400

sghs.org

First Presbyterian Church

1105 Union St.

912.265.3400

Glynn Immediate Care Center

912.466.5800

sghs.org

First United Methodist Church

1400 Norwich St.

912.265.4313

Soothing Touch Massage

912.222.6021

soothingtouch3.com

Golden Isles Church of God

200 Boswell Ln.

912.265.0937

sghs.org

New Covenant Church

2625 Reynolds St.

912.264.2430

New Hope Methodist Church

1323 Emanuel Church Rd. 912.265.3818

Pine Haven Baptist Church

176 Old Cate Rd.

912.264.8487

Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church

1221 Egmont St.

912.264.1383

St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church

1120 Newcastle St.

912.265.3249

BRUNSWICK

Southeast Georgia Health System 912.466.7000

Transportation

102

Brunswick Golden Isles Airport

912.265.2070

flygcairports.com

St. James Lutheran Church

2229 Starling St.

912.265.6814

Edward Transportation

912.771.1301

edwardtransportation.com

St. Mark’s Episcopal Church

900 Gloucester St.

912.265.0600

Savannah/Hilton Head
International Airport

912.964.0514

savannahairport.com

Temple Beth Tefilloh

1326 Egmont St.

912.265.7575

Unitarian Universalists of Coastal Georgia

1710 Gloucester St.

912.265.9424

GOLDEN ISLES • RESOURCES

BRUNSWICK

Brunswick Golden
Isles Airport
E

very Golden Isles adventure begins with effortless travel. Visitors
enjoy a swift, comfortable trip from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta
International Airport (ATL) to Brunswick Golden Isles Airport (BQK) with
Delta’s daily direct multi-class jet service and the assurance of no
middle seats. The flight takes just about an hour. Travelers can skip the
long drive and heavy traffic and enjoy a seamless travel experience,
featuring a pleasant terminal, short TSA lines, and quick exits.
Serving as the primary airport for the Golden Isles of Georgia,
including St. Simons Island, Jekyll Island, and Sea Island, BQK provides
a convenient and efficient travel experience for visitors and residents.
Highlights of Brunswick Golden Isles Airport include local dining favorite
Tipsy McFly’s, various ground transportation options just a few steps
from baggage claim, rental cars available next to the terminal, free
parking, and more. For those flying private aircraft, Manning Aviation at
Brunswick Golden Isles Airport and Velocity FBO Network/Golden Isles
Aviation at St. Simons Island Airport at McKinnon Field offer top-notch
service and maintenance. flygcairports.com
GOLDENISLES.COM

• 103

Plan Your Visit

Getting Here

On behalf of the Golden Isles Convention & Visitors Bureau, we welcome you to our beautiful
seaside destination along the Georgia coast. The Golden Isles CVB oversees two welcome centers
in Glynn County, one in the Pier Village and one along I-95 South. The friendly staff at each
location is ready to help make your visit to the Golden Isles one you will always remember!

42

95

Transportation
Situated on Georgia’s southeast Atlantic
coast, the Golden Isles is approximately 75
miles south of Savannah; 65 miles north of
Jacksonville, Florida; and 280 miles southeast
of Atlanta. Enjoy easy access by car via I-95
(from the north or the south), or U.S. Highways
341, 25, 82, and 520 (from the west). You
can also travel to the Golden Isles by train
(Jesup), by bus (Brunswick), or via Edward
Transportation car service (Waverly). Convenient commercial air service is available to
Brunswick Golden Isles Airport (BQK), just 20
minutes from the barrier islands. Meanwhile,
Jacksonville’s JAX and Savannah’s SAV are
only a one-hour drive via I-95.

99
Welcome Center

Weather
The Golden Isles enjoys a climate typical
of a semitropical location, with long and
warm summers, short and mild winters,
and ample rainfall. For an average temperature chart and tips for packing, visit
goldenisles.com.

17

Little
St. Simons
Island

38

341
36

Sea
Island

St. Simons Island Welcome Center
Pier Village, 529 Beachview Drive •
912.638.9014 • Browse the art gallery
and Gift Shop.

17

St. Simons
Island

I-95 Welcome Center
Between exits 42 and 38 on I-95
Southbound • 912.264.0202

a

n

Brunswick

29
Welcome Center

A

17

a
tl

n

ti

c

O

c

e

Jekyll
Island
520

75

20

85

Atlanta
20

85

75

GEORGIA
16

75

341

95

Area of detail:
0

2 miles

Please visit goldenisles.com for more information on the many things to do, places
to stay, and the amazing history of the
Golden Isles of Georgia. Goldenisles.com
is the official website of the Golden Isles
Convention & Visitors Bureau (CVB), which is
this area’s official destination marketing organization dedicated to promoting tourism
in Glynn County, Georgia. This publication
is produced by the Golden Isles CVB.
Golden Isles Convention & Visitors Bureau
529 Beachview Drive, St. Simons Island,
GA 31522 • 800.933.2627 • 912.638.9014 •
goldenisles.com
Published by

The Golden Isles Official Visitor Guide is produced annually by the CVB and is the premier resource
for planning your trip to the Golden Isles. The CVB also maintains goldenisles.com, the official
vacation-planning website for the region. For advertising opportunities, call 912.638.9014.
104

Atlanta Magazine
Custom Media
atlantamagazine.com/custom

Savannah/Hilton Head
International Airport
T

ravelers begin their journey to the Golden
Isles with the award-winning experience of
flying into Savannah/Hilton Head International
Airport (SAV). Recognized as the #1 airport in the
United States by Condé Nast Traveler Readers’
Choice Awards for five consecutive years and as
one of the top 10 U.S. airports by Travel + Leisure,
SAV offers a level of service and hospitality that
sets the tone for a memorable coastal escape.
From thoughtfully curated local shops to a
diverse selection of regional dining, SAV reflects
the charm and warmth of Georgia’s coast
from the moment visitors arrive. Whether it’s a
first visit or a returning getaway, the airport’s
dedicated Visitor Information Center is here to
ensure every detail of a trip begins with ease.
With service from 11 major airlines and more
than 30 nonstop destinations, SAV combines
accessibility with a premium travel experience—
perfect for those who value comfort, care, and
convenience. When planning a trip to the
Golden Isles, make the journey part of the
destination. flySAV.com

30+ Nonstop Destinations
*Seasonal Service

Minneapolis/St. Paul
MSP*

Appleton
ATW*

Grand Rapids
GRR*

Detroit
DTW

Chicago

Cleveland Westchester

Columbus
LCK

Indianapolis
IND*

Denver

St. Louis

DEN

STL / BLV*

Pittsburgh
PIT
Akron/
Canton

Cincinnati
CVG
Washington D.C.
DCA / IAD

SDF*

Nashville

Providence
PVD*

New Haven

HPN*

CAK

Louisville

BOS

BDL*

CLE*

ORD / MDW

Boston

Hartford

HVN*

New York
LGA / JFK

Newark
EWR

Philadelphia
PHL

Baltimore
BWI

Charlotte

BNA

CLT

Atlanta
ATL

Dallas

DFW / DAL

Houston
IAH / HOU

New Orleans
MSY*

St. Pete/Tampa
PIE

Punta Gorda/Fort Myers

Route map as
of June 2025

PGD

Fort Lauderdale
Miami

FLL

MIA

GOLDENISLES.COM

• 105

DISCOVER THE GOLDEN ISLES, NATURALLY,
ON PROTECTED LAND.

St. Simons Land Trust

FIND YOUR PATH. FEEL THE CALM.
ENJOY THE ADVENTURE.
sslt.org • 912.638.9109 • 1810 Frederica Road, St. Simons Island, GA 31522

